yup.  works well for a small rental unit.
You will be surprised at the amount and size of food this oven will accomodate.  It cooks everything from meatloaf to pound cake evenly and locking in juices.  I bought this because my other Sharp over the range microwave gave up after eleven years of constant use.  I was used to the Sharp features which made it the logical choice.  At the same time, I wanted to replace my conventional oven (also 11 yrs. old) because it never baked evenly.  With the Sharp micro/convection combo, I no longer have to replace my conventional range oven - I'll use it for storage.
You can't use the &#34;cook&#34; feature with a timer going on the machine, but it heats quickly and is very easy to clean.
You can actually repair a Sharp Microwave that stops turning<br /><br />You'll be fooled at first because usually to fix some appliance, you remove the cover, or case, or housing, or whatever you call it --- the Cabinet.  Don't.  In fact, on a Sharp Microwave, they used some screws to hold on the cabinet that you don't have the wrench for.  It's like saying, &#34;These arent' the screws you're looking for.&#34;  (You don't need to see his identification papers,)<br /><br />The arcane baffling steps that aren't explained anywhere and that you haven't experienced before --<br />1. The little perforated plate near the center of the back, after you turn it upside down, is removed by ripping it away manfully.  Never done that before on ANYTHING.  No screws,  just hack at it.  You'll be thinking, &#34;But if I bend it and twist it, how will it go back on? &#34;  Well, first of all, you can dispense with it; but if you feel like it, you can flatten it and then turn it over and you'll see how it has little tabs on it to reinstall it.<br /><br />Actually , once you get that little perforated plate off there, it's trivially simple.<br /><br />Carry on.
yeayy I love this microwave it takes such a small space in my tiny kitchen but it is huge inside !! it has popcorn button as well !!
Wow, Wow, Wow! I was somewhat concerned about purchasing a microwave over the internet, but how great it was. I was even more than satisfied with the product it looks wonderful and works great as well. The price was less than the one we saw in the store and the delivery time was faster than what the computer stated. I had it install the same day and I am very happy about this product and the overall purchase. I know you will too.
WOW- my microwave looks like new! This paint is very high quality and covers very well. I needed only 1 coat but did 3 coats just to use up the can because if I ever need to paint this old thing again, its probably gonna be time for replacement.
Works well.
Works well with proper preparation.
works well
Works very well if you properly prepare your old microwave first by degreasing, sanding, cleaning and taping it off before applying multiple light coats.
works very well
Works the way I expected it to work.
Works perfectly
Works greats.
Works great.. and really great size for cooking multiple items.  easy to use without a lot of fancy buttons. I recommend this to others. But be sure of the size as this is a very large over the stove microwave.
Works great, product was as describer and delivered promptly and on time.
Works great! Sorry for the delay; I just got my microwave working today (2-25-15). I was not certain if it was the magnetron and diode  causing the problem, but since the magnetron (in my oven) was 10 years old, I figured that might be the problem. However (after installing the new kit) my General Electric (JEM31WA  002) was still not functioning. So, I ordered new door switches (and after checking my old oven switches) I learned that the &#34;bottom&#34; (Normally open) door switch was not functioning. So, I changed it out, and &#34;voila,&#34; my microwave is functioning perfectly! It took some time, but it is worth it! I don't regret changing out the magnetron and diode (as my old ones were probably on their way out, anyway! (I had not troubleshot  the old magnetron tube. If they are still in working order, perhaps I can use them again, later! My most gracious thanks go out to Martin Microwave Inc. and Amazon; PRODUCT WORKS VERY WELL INDEED!
Works great!
Works great not loud at all and small enough for my small kitchen. Affordable price and shipping was fast.
Works great no issues
Works great for the price!!
Works great
Works great
Works great
Works Great
Works as advertised.  Much cheaper than a service call or a completely new microwave.  Just be sure you know how to confirm the problem so you know which part has failed (search youtube).  An oven that won't heat is often, but not always, a failed magnetron.
Works as advertised!!
works
working well. good size and good price . I like this.
Worked well on an old Sharp Carousel II Microwave. 1 can was enough for 2 coats. First make sure you sand down and prime any rust spots so they won't show through.
Worked so much better than I expected.  Two light coats and it looked like new.
Worked perfectly. No issues and fast shipping.
Worked Perfectly!
Worked great. Looks like a new microwave.
Worked great.
Worked as advertised. Like the other reviews preparation is the key. First I cleaned the microwave thoroughly.  Next I taped off all the areas I did not want painted. I took the microwave outside and placed on a bench. I sanded down all the loose paint and rust with a sanding stone.  I sprayed several thin layers of paint waiting about 15 minutes between coats to let dry. I probably sprayed 20 coats. You could smell the new paint for a couple of days. It has been a couple of months and there has been no chipping.  Good product.
With other microwaves, you lose not only it's own footprint in counter space, but also the clearance in front for the door to open.  With this one, the door opens 3 inches above the counter, plenty of room for other food prep. It tucks way back into the corner, previously wasted space.  It's heavy enough to stay put when pulling the door open, light enough to slide to the side for cleaning underneath.<br /><br />Some reviewers criticized the controls, but hey, anytime you get a new appliance, it takes a while to get used to the buttons.  Took me 2 rounds to decide the 30 second button was a great invention.<br /><br />My kids said &#34;Whoa, what's that!!!&#34; the first time they saw it.  I think that's high praise in kidspeak.
While redoing our kitchen, I discovered this microwave and I love it!  I was concerned about lack of a turntable but after a month of use, I have founds foods to be heated evenly.  The popcorn button works great and I love how easy it is to program things like defrost, melt butter, warm syrup, beverages, etc...  Most of all, I am thrilled to have the microwave off the counter and the drawer style is a must when mounting in a base cabinet.
When the turntable on my Sharp microwave stopped turning, I went on line to find a substitute.  Some years ago I had a turntable that worked independently of the microwave.  Simple device.  Works by winding it up, much like an old fashioned alarm clock.<br /><br />After Googling turntable, I came upon this little motor and thought &#34;Why not?&#34;, I can do this.  I know nothing about electronics, so I realized that by taking the microwave apart to make the fix, I might destroy it, but it wasn't working anyway so I decided to gamble and order the part.<br /><br />I very carefully opened up the microwave (after disconnecting it from the power) and located the motor that turned the turntable.  It was simple (fairly intuitive) to remove and replace, and for a very small amount of money, I fixed the microwave.  I've had this microwave for seven plus years and now I expect to get another seven, very possibly more.<br /><br />Overall...  one of my best buys on Amazon.
When our microwave died,  we decided to try to find one a little smaller.  Was slightly hesitant to buy this one as it is only 700 watts.  My old one was 1100.  But I really don't notice a lot of difference.  Have torun this one a little longer sometimes (30 seconds to 2 min longer)..  But this one disadvantage is more than made up for by the increased counter space that I have because this one is so much smaller. Kitchen timer works well.  Haven't used the defrost setting because the 700 watts is so much less than my old microwave that something frozen does not cook  right away so the defrost setting is unnecessary.  The clock works well and is easy to set.  Never used the clock on my old one as it was difficult to set.  Have not heard of this brand before, but I would certainly buy it again.
When ordering cabinet for microwave I had no clue that Sharp offered a drawer oven that would fit into the cabinet perfectly.  It looks so great and works beautifully.
When I broke the plate in my microwave I didn't know what to do.<br /> This was perfect and solved a huge problem.
what can you say about a microwave ?? It does the job looks nice , I am happy with it and the big plus it was delivered right to my door . No hunting around , carrying it in and out of auto .
What a great value!
What a great unit!  Took some fiddling to install but the unit itself is really very nice.
What a beautiful micro.  I love it.  Works great.
We've owner this product for several years now.  It looks nice and works great.  Amazon handles the shipping of this heavy product with ease so you don't need  to be concerned about it getting to you in top condition.
We've had the big 'ol &#34;over-the-range massive GE microwave that was powerful enough to cook a buffalo and was big enough to fit the beast inside but, when we redesigned our kitchen and put in a new pro-style stove and an elegant curved glass vent over it, that oversized radar box had to go! But what to get to replace it? Looked at all the allegedly compact countertop units and rejected every one of them -- &#34;compact&#34; they were not!<br /><br />And then we found this Whirlpool TV set, er, I mean microwave! Whomever designed this deserves a Nobel Prize for peace, physics and common sense!! It looks just like a cute little old school TV set. Imagine that! A cute microwave oven! But what's even better is how this thing disappears right into the corner of our new countertop. Somehow they figured out how to use the corner to their design advantage and here's the best: you can place a full-size 11&#34; dinner plate inside! How'd they do that??!!<br /><br />Negatives? Nothing terrible. Yes, it's only 750 watts vs the 1200 of our former &#34;beast-master&#34; machine but, as another reviewer said, just 'cause it fits a turkey and has the power to cook it doesn't mean ya should!! We use our microwave for vegetables, eggs, liquids, popcorn -- all of which the new cute Whirlpool TV/microwave thingee will do just fine. Takes an extra 15-30 seconds because of the lower power. That just gives me a little extra time to stare at this awesome box and marvel at how truly cool it is.<br /><br />And speaking of boxes, this is serious out-of-the-box thinking about appliances and how they fit into our lifestyles. Major kudos to Whirlpool for taking the initiative to see things a little different. Steve Jobs would have loved this microwave -- form and style perfectly matched with function. It's time for you other lazy manufacturers to up your game.<br /><br />Bottom line? Outstanding microwave!
We've been very happy with this.  Not sure I liked the dial at first, but being able to dial in extra time is quick and efficient.
We were trying to find a microwave small enough to fit on the counter in our media room, but still large enough to make popcorn, and other things. This one fit the bill and it works great! We love it!
We were reluctant to spend so much on a microwave as we are not big microwave users but we absolutely love this and are glad we splurged. It defrosts without cooking, won't burn popcorn, can soften butter without melting, and of course looks amazing. Its easy to clean and was pretty easy to install.  If I had to come up with a shortfall there is a height limit so forget tall items like those rice express packages.  Still worth it and would still recommend it.
We replaced our 15 year old GE Profile Spacemaker with a new updated GEProfile Spacemaker Microwave Oven.  It is basically the same one with big subtle improvements.  I am probably the only one who used the old microwave with all of  its bells and whistles.  I am amazed at how updated these items are today.   Forinstance to cook fresh vegetables just load them in and push the veggie button.  Somehow it senses when they are cooked to perfection and not rubber.  I cooked a  perfect scrambeled egg in one minute, stirring once.      We oredered the undermount hardware just because.  Guess what?  Since we replaced  the identical microwave the old mount fit perfectly. Oh well.    I really would have loved it in stainless steel but didn't see it offered.    I do hope this gives us another 15 years but at that price I am not too worried  about the track record. The first GE over the stove microwave I bought 30 years  ago was $600!
We really like this microwave but more we like how easy it was to get it from Amazon.  It really has a good convection oven, although is somewhat noisy with the fan.  It was very easy to install and came with very clear instructions.  Amazon delivered it quickly and it was the best price as anywhere.
We really like the look of this microwave. We used the same model in our last home and liked it and just had a new home built and chose to have the same model installed in our new kitchen. We have never had any issues with it. It is classy looking, large enough for a casserole dish, and heats well.
We purchased this microwave at the suggestion of our kitchen designer. We had totally renovated our 1930's home and space was an issue - especially in the kitchen. I'm so glad we spent the $$ and bought it! This microwave survived abuse from 2 little boys (pulling and pushing on the drawer to watch it move by itself, pressing the buttons, etc), countless interior spills and multiple uses each day. It popped bagged microwave popcorn better than any other microwave I've ever owned and boiled water faster than on my Viking gas range. We recently moved and now I'm replacing the microwave in our new house with the exact same model as our old one. Can't say enough good things about it.
We purchased this itme for a family member for Christmas. They love it. Said its the best microwave they ever had. They love the one touch features as well as the large cooking area. Would recommend if you want a dependable and spacious microwave.
We purchased and installed this over the range microwave as a replacement for a 25 year old one.  This is Sharp is just perfect.  We required one with the recirculating feature because we have no way to vent it, and this type is not easy to find.
We purchased and installed the drawer oven in August 2010, while doing a remodel in our kitchen.  It was a more expensive option, but it fit perfectly in a location between our fridge and sink area, and maintained the contour of the kitchen we were seeking.  We use it at least two or three times a day, and have been very pleased with its performance, and we have not had any problems with it.  It does not have a turntable; however, our experience is it does the job just as well.  It is easy to get to and easy to clean.  It does not have a huge interior, so if you have plans to microwave tall items, check the dimensions first so that you are not surprised by that.  Overall, we have found it to be a very nice addition to our kitchen, and would purchase one again.
We picked this microwave primarily for its dimensions (we needed one with a short height). We are very pleased with this model since it is easy to use, works well and is very quiet. It's not loaded with features but has been a pleasure use over the last few months that we've owned it.
We opted for this style of microwave this time around in our new kitchen and have not been disappointed! The shipping was fast (thanks to Amazon), the look of the microwave is wonderful and goes well with our other appliances (GE Monogram & DCS), the drawer opens and closes well, it cooks wonderfully, it's quiet, controls are simple to use, the kitchen timer is handy...I know there were some negative posts, but as of now, after 4 months of use, I couldn't be happier!
We needed to create a little more space on the kitchen counter and this unit was perfect.  Nice looking machine and tucks into a corner.  Would recommend to others.
We needed a small microwave when we moved into a small condo with very little counter space. Most of the reviews said this was the perfect solution and it is. It takes up very little room, plus it fits easily into a corner. It has a rotating glass tray that holds a standard size dinner plate. It's tall enough to fit a 16 ounce mug with room to spare, but it is shorter than many standard microwaves. It has digital controls that are very simple but work just fine. We're older and actually really appreciate that simplicity. Some things take longer to cook but not by much.<br />If you want all the bells and whistles and to be able to zap things quickly, this is not the microwave for you. On the other hand, if you need a smaller microwave that is easy to use and very sturdy I definitely recommend this one. We love it!
We needed a small microwave to fit in our newly refurbished 1995 VW Eurovan camper, and this one is perfect. It fits inside an existing cupboard. I had been researching small microwaves for a couple of months and noticed that most of them only had a light on when the microwave was in use, but not when the door is opened. This one lights when the door is opened which was important to us since it's in a small space rather than a brightly lit kitchen. Some reviewers complained that the glass plate didn't seem to fit or stay on the turntable mechanism. Despite this microwave being a different brand that the two we have at home, the turntable mechanism is the same, and it only fits together in one specific position. When it's properly aligned it pops into place and is very stable.
We needed a new microwave and after reading the reviews bought this one. Great microwave! Easy to use. Fits in the corner perfectly! Great for thawing, reheating and light cooking.  Really saves space. Makes great popcorn too!
We needed a microwave that was not very deep and a bit wider to fit in our cabinet. We struggled to find the right dimensions for our built in cabinet cubby. This one is a perfect fit. I was concerned it would not be powerful enough since the watts are lower than many others, so far it has worked great for our needs. Plus it looks great in the space.
We love this. One of our favorite parts of the kitchen remodel. Such a space-saver and it just IS cool. I read some negative reviews - all stemming from not have a revolving plate and might be damaged if someone pushes down on it? Well duh. I have a 5yo and 8yo - they know not to stand on/in the microwave. And it's 2015 - who needs a revolving plate? I use a microwave for quick stuff, not rotisserie chicken and what-not. We are super-pleased with this microwave.
We love this new appliance.  Just a few days before Thanksgiving our old one died.  I purchased a new one locally and after installation realized the door hinges are placed where we could not open the door more than a few inches.  Returned that one and went online and found this one at almost $100.00 less than what my local dealer could get it for me.  He agreed that I should order thru Amazon and not only did I receive it in less than a week, it fit, looks great and works perfectly!
We love this microwave. It looks great and has given us a lot more space in the corner where nothing but the old clunky microwave was. Our kitchen looks so much more modern and the microwave itself fits everything (including our largest dinner plates). Heating will require an additional 20-30 seconds but definitely worth the wait!!! Can't say enough about how cool it looks!
We love our new microwave! I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this machine. It works great, and was delivered speedily. Thank you, Danby, for an affordable microwave that really works well!
We live out in the country where we are forced to use propane for heat - and we have a gas-powered oven - so we usually don't make pizza at home due to the cost of propane - and most pizzas are too large to fit into our toaster oven. Additionally, when it's hot outside, cooking something in the oven turns our whole house into an inferno - so we live out of the microwave. Being able to cook a frozen pizza and have it be crispy - from the microwave, is so nice. It doesn't seem to ever get to the point where it gets it as crispy as I'd like it - but I do like just about everything burned to a crisp - I'm odd that way.<br /><br />Because of the grill element on the top, there is not as much height clearance as we had in our previous model - but for the vast majority of things we cook, this is not an issue.<br /><br />The stainless steel finish is a nice modern update to our kitchen. This model has a lot of power for a compact unit.
We installed Sharp model KB6524 in June 2009 during a kitchen remodel. Every appliance in our kitchen is new and this particular appliance is my favorite due to the uniqueness and convenience of this model. This microwave has exceeded our expectations in every way. One of the reasons we bought this microwave was that we needed a microwave that would fit under the countertop so our kids could reach it. It is also nice that the door slides open and I can reach down to lift out the food instead of having to reach up at face level and lift food out and down. I liked the unique concept of a drawer that pulls open instead of a door that pops open. I was a little concerned about reviews on earlier models that the auto open and close function on this microwave has a tendency to break. However, it seems that Sharp decided to manufacture this one so it closes with a button or by pushing or pulling on it to eliminate that problem. I was also concerned that it didn't have a piece in it that rotates the food. So, we were surprised to find that none of the food we have cooked has hotspots (note: I only use my microwave for reheating...not cooking). I LOVE this microwave. I had considered purchasing the 30 but decided that it was unlikely that I would need to put a dish in the microwave that was bigger than 24. So far, this has been the perfect size. It is even tall enough that I can put my portable mug in it to heat up my tea. Also, my lovely daughter did not know that you can't put metal in the microwave. She put her fork in with her plate. Surprisingly, the microwave did not arch. We checked the manual and it said you can even use aluminum foil to cover portions of meat. Not sure how they do it, but I'm not likely to try it. The microwave seems fine after the fork episode. This microwave also has programmable features such as softening ice cream. It asks what size of ice cream then sets the time as appropriate. It's a nice feature but I'm not usually softening a whole tub ofice cream. Just a portion of a tub. One other feature I use frequently, pushing the power button after closing the drawer will turn on the microwave in one minute increments. As an example, pushing the button 3 times will equate to 3 minutes. This is a pricey microwave but has been well worth the expense in our experience. I highly recommend this microwave!
We have had this microwave for about a month and absolutely love it!  Well worth the price.  It is super convenient, you can see and stir the food without removing it from the oven.  Cooks evenly and quickly.  Easy to use and clean. Very attractive, a conversation piece as well.
we have been using this microwave for a few weeks and so far are happy with our purchase. it was easy to install, looks nice, and is doing a fine job of heating up our food.  we have no concerns at this time.
We have a GE oven/microwave combo (the microwave has the oven controls on it) and the paint was coming off the microwave.  I was concerned it was dangerous so I considered replacing the entire unit.  Then we heard about this paint and thought it was worth a try.  My husband is quite handy so he did the sanding and spraying and the microwave looks brand new.  Couldn't be happier and it sure beat the price of replacing the unit.
We had the olver range model in our house but had leave it when we downsized into an apartment. This is the countertop model of the one we had to leave behind. As the wiseman said<br />I have a happy life when I have a happy wife.
We had a Samsung Microwave that lasted a few years prior to burning out and dying. It's funny how quickly you get used to living without one.<br /><br />But we did miss popcorn, frozen foods and the other Microwave friendly albeit limited uses that they have. In shopping around online I was sold in a large part by the positive reviews and we're enjoying the quality touches:<br /><br />* Great build quality this unit is VERY heavy and sound<br /><br />* Easy to use<br /><br />* Lot's of quick short cuts like, Popcorn, Melt & soften, Pizza and so on<br /><br />* Large Blue LED clock and timer.<br /><br />* Sleek, elegant and transitional design<br /><br />* Super powerful exhaust is Fantastic (ours is vented to the outside)<br /><br />* Bright white goes well with all our other appliances<br /><br />Please note this is a basic Microwave and lacks many of the features found on models priced at twice the cost. However, considering what we use a microwave for this unit couldn't be more perfect. This unit is HUGE and HEAVY so if you're handy  and can DIY I suggest having someone to help you or take advantage of local installation by Amazon approved Installers if that service is available in your area - or a local installer of your choice.<br /><br />That said, With 1,000 watts of power this oven is extremely fast and efficient. If you don't need all the Bells & Whistles I couldn't recommend this Microwave strongly enough.
We got this through Amazon and have been very pleased.  I do recommend that you open the box and inspect immediately upon delivery, especially if it is during the holiday season when shippers use a lot of inexperienced people. Our first unit's box externally seemed fine but the interior packing was pulverized and the unit was obviously busted up.  Amazon replaced it and our second unit is still running strong.     I love this - I could write a tome.  The convection oven not only bakes and roasts, but setting at 100 degrees, I use it for raising bread, and 150 degrees, I'll bring a steak or roast up to room temp before searing and cooking. I think at 150 degrees it's faster and safer than having it sit on the kitchen counter as recommended in my cookbooks. I'm a better cook!    One warning about a dual-use appliance like this, which should be obvious: when you are using it for one thing it is not available for the other.  I wouldn't want to be without this unit, but I also have another microwave and I feel I need both. I would say I use the two, in tandem, nearly every evening.
We got this as a backup when our large microwave broke.  It does a nice job and it's nice to have an extra one when more than one person wants to use it.  The smaller size is really nice and doesn't take up a lot of space.
We got ours three years ago when we redid our appliances and it has been the workhorse of my kitchen.  I cook everything in my microwave and it's so smart it knows how to cook, defrost or reheat everything!  It has been durable and dependable, it's large and versatile.  I have only had to replace a plate (I'm a klutz) and the handle (20-yr-old doesn't know his own strength).  If you want the best microwave ever, get it!
We got it the same day our cabinets were being installed. We were worried about it not working since this was our first on-line purchase of such a high priced item. Let me tell you how easy it went in and it performed FANTASTIC!!!! it is exactly what we wanted and the slide out drawer has our friends looking into how they can install one in their kitchens. We installed it in a bottom cabinet directly under the countertop. great height and so convenient to place hot items right onto the countertop. No more reaching over head or over a hot stove to get anything out. This is a real gem and an awesome addition to our kitchen.
We gave this to my daughter for her birthday.  Her husband installed it over their range.  She loves the convenience of both another oven and the option of a microwave. the convection is large enough for a big baked chicken.
We decided to put up a chimney exhaust in our new kitchen, so a bulky, over the range microwave was out. Plus, we never use it to &#34;cook&#34; from scratch. Why have such a giant wasting space? My dear, handy, wood worker husband built our new cabinets, so it was no problem to create a perfect space under the counter for a new smaller microwave. Love the drop down door. Plus the features are incredible: SlimFry, convection, and grill!! Note: The Samsung is not meant for under the counter, however we were able to provide plenty of air circulation, so it has not been a problem,
We bought this unit for a remodeled high end kitchen.  I has been installed for approximately six months and we are extremely happy with our purchase. No issues whatsoever. I love the easy automatic open/close feature and not having to bend down to put items in the microwave. The unit holds much larger plates and platters than I was able to put in my former microwave, which is really nice. It also has many useful features such as a sensor that can tell how much an item needs to be heated to be ready. As this was part of a kitchen remodel I simply told the product number to our kitchen cabinet company and they made the cabinets such that it would fit in perfectly as a built in.  The item fits in well with our suite of other stainless steel appliances.  No complaints. I highly recommend.
We bought this microwave for our kitchen remodel partly because we also have this same unit in our motorhome.<br />The combination of an outside hood vent, range light, convection oven, and microwave made it a bargain as well.<br />The shipping was perfect. It was packed in 2 boxes, first the manufacture's styro lined box, then that box was bubble wrapped and boxed in a separate larger box.<br />The stainless steel matches our other appliances and looks great!<br />Thanks Sharp, Thanks Amazon
We bought this microwave as part of a kitchen remodel 2 years ago. We have loved it from day one. Being able to open and stir things or just lift things out is so convenient. The kids love it and always enjoy using it. It has a lot of settings and features which we use regularly. The fact that there's a turn table does not bother me. I have not noticed any uneven heating. We have enjoyed it so much that we just bought another one to put in the kitchen of the new house we just bought. I have never regretted this purchase, and neither will you!
We bought this mainly because it had to be the same size as our old one, to fit into a space in our cabinets, and this was the closest. A bonus was the turntable, which my husband really likes.  It is larger inside than the old one, and more powerful, in the same space!  We have used it 4 months now with no issues at all.  The door does close and open rather hard, so we ease it closed, otherwise we love it! The controls are very easy to use.  We had a bit of trouble installing it, we could not get the bottom slots in the microwave  to slip onto the bracket, so we just bent the bottom of the bracket so the microwave sits on on it, and it is screwed to the cabinet from the top.  A good choice if it becomes available again.
We bought this for a new construction and haven't used it yet. It looks great and hope it works just as well.
We are very pleased with the Sharp Microwave.  It works very well,  has easy to follow directions and looks great.
We are back up and running.
Was drawn to this one after reading all of the positive reviews! They were spot on! I'm very happy with this purchase!!
Very well made and easy to install, Great shipping on this bulky item.
Very simple to operate for my grandmother.
Very roomy compared with my last one. Its very quiet and heats well. So far so good.
Very pleased.  We put the unit inside a cabinet with a sliding shelf.  One less thing exposed in the kitchen.
Very pleased with my purchase.
Very nice small microwave! Small footprint but still powerful enough. Also good for putting it on a higher place - like on top of the fridge - all the controls are at the bottom part.
Very nice little microwave and doesn't take up a ton of space on the counter.
Very nice and useful product
very nice
Very much enjoying this range! I used to have double wall ovens and a Jenn Air cooktop with grill/griddle. We've downsized but this oven gives me most of the benefits that I had with that setup.<br /><br />The small oven is perfect for 95% of the needs for my wife and I, but I do expect the large oven will get a work-out at Thanksgiving when we have at least 7 for dinner. The Power Boil is terrific, and the grill/griddle is very handy and easy to clean.<br /><br />I debated quite a bit between this and the PGB950SEFSS. The main differences:<br /><br />* This model has a porcelain top surface, the 950 is stainless<br />* The 950 has a double-ring, 19,000 BTU boil burner - this has a single-ring 17,000 BTU<br />* The 950 has dual broiler burners, this has one broiler<br />* The 950 has a ball-bearing roller rack (I believe just one of the three) where this has all standard slide racks<br />* $700 MSRP price difference<br /><br />To be honest I prefer the porcelain top surface of this oven aesthetically, but that's definitely a matter of opinion. The other features just didn't add up to $700 for me. I did use the broiler for a small frittata and that worked fine, but I can see how the double broiler could provide more even heat on a larger dish. The Power Boil is excellent on this, I don't see 10% higher BTU making a tremendous difference.<br /><br />I also considered these other five-burner double-oven ranges: Frigidaire FGGF304DLF, KitchenAid HGRS505XSS, LG LDG3036ST, and Whirlpool WGG7550BS.  All have their benefits and drawbacks but the GE has the largest ovens and I got a good price through Amazon.
Very high quality product. This paint spayed right on with minimal dust and adhered right to the microwave for a smooth finish.
Very happy with this purchase. For the money, great product.<br /><br />I was a little concerned, because some had mentioned the clunky door, but I find no problems with it.
very good works great
Very good product quality, this is all I expected to get.<br />I recommend to other buyers those are thinking to buy that.
Very good product for the price.
Very good item
very good
Very good
very attractive and useful mircorwave
Very attractive and functional microwave, that was easy to install as a replacement for a GE microwave that no longer worked.
Very , very good i event toast bread in it, thank you SAMSUMG and AMAZON TOOOOO
Two days in and I couldn't be happier with this purchase. Small foot print, excellent build quality and yet holds a full size plate. It's also the quietest microwave I have ever owned. You can barely hear it. The LCD is super bright and the controls are so easy to use. I love how the entire front sure is flat - makes for really easy clean up. I would so buy this again and again.
TThe kit works well. It took lots of work to unload and reload the microwave over the range though.
Trim kit, bought along with the GE microwave is just fine. Not large enough to fill the gap in the kitchen cabinets since it is replacing the large size GE Advantium built in microwave. Had to get cabinet installer to fill the gaps between the cabinetry and trim kit. Looks fine. Is perfect if the area you are using it in is the exact same size, so watch out for that.
took off rust under turntable with dremel motto,<br />then applied three coats ann hour apart<br />VERY HAPPY
This Whirlpool WMC2005YW 0.5 cubic feet countertop microwave oven is the best microwave we have ever had. We sold our house, where we had a built-in micro, and moved into a condo 4 years ago and bought a small Haier. The only thing good about the Haier was,  it was small, so when it blew out we had to go small again. I totally counted on the reviews for this micro and, thank you everybody, you are so right! I got the white one because my counters are white and it is so cute, just nestled into that small space. The best part is that it really works well. We feared making popcorn, which the Haier never, and I mean never, did well. Always burnt no matter what we tried. This Whirlpool made perfect popcorn at 2 1/2 minutes. We snack on it every night and the bag fits in perfectly with room to spare. It will fit a dinner plate easily and heats evenly. There is a 30 second button, start, stop, and a clock that also doubles as a timer. We have never used the auto buttons. I would buy this again in a minute.
This was the perfect microwave for my kitchen remodel.It is quite roomy. I particularly like the two stage fan and lighting features.
this was exactly the one I needed I wasn't sure I would be able to find the one I needed but I did and loved the fact I received it sooner than expected
This was an excellent shopping experience.  I wish all my purchases could be made online with as little hassle as these. Great Shopping Experience.
This was a replacement and the fit and quality was perfect.  I would recommend the product to anyone needing a replacement
this was a great buy!! I read the other reviews and they are right on the money. Easy to put up but it goes easer with two people but one can do it and everything you need is their and it works great.
This turntable is exactly like the one that came with the microwave.  The original cracked because my son dropped it, so found this one on Amazon and it works fine.
This thing is awesome. It looks just like a TV which cracks me up. It's a bit smaller than most microwaves in terms of counter-space, but also a bit taller. It has no number pad for entering a specific cook time; instead you just hit the start button multiple times to add 30 seconds. It is powerful and simple. No complaints.
This stuff adheres well, dries quickly and leaves a washable surface.  I used it to replace bubbling paint on a microwave with a painted mild steel lined cavity.
This small microwave has worked well for my small kitchen. Pretty basic features, but has worked fine.
This small microwave does everything you need even without lots of bells and whistles.  It fits a corner if necessary and does as good a job as a larger microwave.  It's easy to clean.  I'm so pleased with my decision.
This Sharp Microwave is Great for a Family. Its Large size is a big plus.  Easy operation and nice finish and very powerful.   We had an LG oven before and it is a JUNK ! It lasted only 2 years.  Our old Microwave was a Sharp also and its still working after 20+ years!  My rating A+++
This Sharp drawer microwave is amazing!  It has buttons to both open and close the drawer for you.  We love the easy &#34;top loading&#34; system.  Plus..........it looks great!  We highly recommend this item.
This saved us from needing to buy a new microwave/ oven combo. Easy to use.  We used it to fix our microwave about 2 months ago and it's held up.
This product was easy to use and when the paint dried - the paint blended in and match the original inside paint perfectly!
This product fit and worked as expected. For anyone wondering about how to install, there is a pattern of holes drilled in the bottom of the microwave around the turntable motor. To get to the motor, gently cut the metal between the holes to create a little door. Open the door, remove 2 screws then the motor, unplug old motor, plug in new one, drop new motor into hole, put 2 screws back. You're probably supposed to throw the &#34;door&#34; away but I bent mine back in there. Flip microwave over and plug it in, put turntable spindle back on and try it out. I recommend doing this out of sight of your spousal unit, and then take about 30 minutes to goof off. Then return microwave to spousal unit telling them what an arduous task it was but how you figured it out and saved the family $100.00. Should be good for at least a hug or a kiss or WHATEVER...
This part was exactly what I needed to repair my microwave - easy install.
This Oven is GREAT. It'll cook anything and fast too. It's a little pricey but you get what you pay for most of the time. This time I did. Stick a hot dog, or some potaoes or bacon in there and push the right number and presto you have cooked food. We had baked chicken the other night and it was brown, done and tasty. I love the darn thing. I give it a high five.
This microwave works well. I wanted a microwave to heat my rice filled heating pad for my shoulders. It does that and doesn't take up too much space on the counter. I am very pleased.
This microwave works well and is efficient. It does make more noise than my last one but it makes up for it in performance. Would not hesitate to purchase again.
This microwave oven was purchased for work.  Everbody likes it.  Never have any problems.  Would purchase the same kind next time.
This microwave is wonderful. The quick heat buttons are convenient and easy to use. If you read Consumer Reports, it says this (or similiar) microwave has only a useful space of 0.9 cubic feet. Not so. This has a full 2.0 cubic feet of space which is great for cooking a ham or a large casserole dish. Very sharp design, useful and adequate lighting underneath. For the installation/do-it-yourselfers: It's 60 pounds and you have to lift it above your shoulders if you are installing over a stove. Follow the instructions to the letter, and all will turn out great. The directions are very good. Note: If you can, remove your stove before installing the microwave. The mfgr doesn't mention this, but it made things a lot easier (and I got to clean under it!)...2-3(-3 preferred) people are definitely needed to install this safely due to its weight and awkward size. I recommend this microwave highly!
This microwave is simple to use, and it works great.  At first I was a little apprehensive about the matt finish on it but once we got it installed, it looks great.  I love it!  My husband and I installed it...we only needed a basic drill, it took a couple of hours but we got it done.
This microwave is perfect for a compact kitchen. I have more counter space that is now useable than I had before. It's small foot print is a blessing. It is large enough to accommodate my needs. The interior is spacious enough to reheat dinners or a slice of pizza. I like making popcorn in it. Would recommend this to anyone who has a small kitchen and is need of a unit with a smaller foot print.
this microwave is incredible!  very quiet and the convenience of a drawer is great!  easy to use and to clean!
This microwave is fantastic.  It fits into the corner of the countertop which I consider the dead space.  I am unable to reach most things placed in this space but the microwave is perfect.  I have more counter space.  I would rate the performance a 15 out of 10 because it's so great.
This microwave is excellent for the small household and the person who does not do complex cooking.  It's full-plate size, fine for heat-ups and smaller casserole dishes.  Best of all is the way it fits into a corner.  Yes it takes up space, is not &#34;tiny&#34; but fits under cabinets and leaves you more counter space.  Controls are easy to set.  Haven't had a microwave in years, and somebody suggested this.  I'm happy with it.
This microwave has a very elegant design.  The engineers were able to minimize its footprint by putting most of its electronics on the bottom instead of on the side.  I would prefer green LEDs instead of blue, but mostly I'm happy that it fits on our counter and under the cabinets without taking up much space.
This microwave cavity paint has worked out great so far!  We have a GE in-cabinet microwave/oven combo unit so when the paint began to peel off the top of the microwave I was really worried because to replace this unit it is over $1000 due to it being a specialty item.  So I sanded down the top of the microwave really well.  Be sure to get ALL loose paint off - should be totally smooth.  Then when the paint arrived I shook it up real well and applied a coat to the top of the microwave.  It was actually a pretty good sized area I needed to cover.  After letting that coat dry for a couple hours I added a second coat and after a couple more hours I added a third coat.  I want to make sure it was coated good.  So far we have used it for a few weeks and it still looks great.  I showed it to my son and he said the inside looked brand new now!  I let it dry for 36 hours before use as the can didn't have any recommendations or directions for how long to let dry before use.  The smell is overwhelming and I would suggest using eye protection if you must use it inside as the fumes come out toward your face.  I would take a counter top unit outside to treat.  I didn't have that option so I had to just do it.
This microwave came with my new home and overall, I am very pleased with it. It is sturdily-built and has an attractive stainless steel finish and design. It does a great job at heating up and cooking food, and even though it may not have all of the features of a more expensive microwave, the features it does have, work well. I particularly like the turntable and the add 30 seconds button. The only downside I can think of is that it does not have the express 1 minute, 2 minute, etc. buttons. When it comes to a microwave, simplicity in use is key and this one definitely fits the bill.
This microwave came with my apartment (mine is model JVM1540DM4WW, but it looks identical to this one), and it totally blew away my expectations of what a good microwave should be. It cooks quickly and evenly (everything takes about half as long as it did in my old microwave), the button options are good (I use the Express Cook buttons all the time), the bright and dim surface light options are nice, the shelf inside is pretty cool (even though I never cook that much at once), and I think it looks great in the kitchen (the rest of the kitchen is wonderful white and metal IKEAness). It's gotten a lot of use over the past year, and it's still performing just like new. I was surprised to see the negative reviews here, as I would absolutely buy another one of these.
This met our requirements for a space saving microwave.  We would recommend it to any one with limited counter space.
This may be more expensive than other microwaves, but trust me when I say it is totally worth it for the design and counter savings.
This little microwave fits into the corner.  We have limited counter space and switching to this mircrowave give us back so much room without losing the convenience.  If you cook in your microwave it won't hold a 9x12 baker, so keep that in mind when deciding.
This little giant is great for small spaces. It is very easy to use and works just as well as larger microwaves. I am very happy with purchase.
This kit is just what I needed.  My microwave stopped warming food and made a loud buzzing sound when on.  I didn't want to replace the whole unit because it matched my stove.  I got this kit and it was really pretty easy to install.  Now it works like new again.<br /><br />***There are dangers of electric shock, so do your research.***<br /><br />*Keep track of all your screws and bolts and where they go.*
This kit fixed my microwave and it arrived before the weekend.
This Kenmore microwave eats microwave tubes like 1 every year. Since tubes are now made in far east, instead of by Raytheon, quality as dropped, I now expect to replace tube yearly and budget for it. It was nice to find a tube with diode (which has never failed) for such a great price.
This item works great, was pretty easy to install and matches our kitchen. Exactly what it says in the description, arrived on time. We have no complaints whatsoever with this item. I would definitely recommend it!
This is the third model of this microwave I have bought.  Since I do a lot of cooking with my microwave, I enjoy all the features this one has:  particularly, the &#34;baked potato&#34; and &#34;sensor reheat&#34; functions.  Not only was I overjoyed to find the exact model, I saved over $70 on my replacement!  I was also pleasantly surprised when it arrived three days after my order!
This is the second Sharp R-1405, Over the Range Microwave I have owned. The first one lasted 8 years and gave me excellent service. So I was thrilled when I found the same model still being produced. I snatched it up and easily installed it because the same install hardware was required and 90% of the mounting hardware was already installed in the wall above the stove. Not only that..The price was about $200 or $300 less than comparable over the range microwaves. An excellent product that gets the job done!!...I highly recommend it!
This is the perfect sized microwave for my kitchen. The domed shape works great on my smaller counter top. Would recommend it!
This is the perfect size for the space we have and I think it's the only one that will fit! And good quality.
This is the perfect microwave for my household. It is basically used for heating water and food. Couldn't ask for anything better.
This is the neatest microwave I have ever worked with. It does everything for you. The controls are easy to use and very easy to see. I can not say enough about the guy we purchased this from. He went above and beyond to make sure we got the microwave before we left town driving from Ca. to OR to meet me.
This is the first 1,200 watt microwave I've ever owned. It took just a while to figure out I didn't need things to heat as long, but once I figured it out, it is the best microwave I've ever owned. The only drawback I have is I wish the completed beeper was louder. Other than that, I am thoroughly satisfied with this microwave.
This is the best, most efficient little microwave we have ever had.
this is the best Microwave I have ever had.  Love the size and the program buttons.are so nice.<br /><br />I use the Bake Potato button all the time.
This is stuff. It really worked very well. It save me a great deal of money having to replace a microwave that still works very well. I highly recommend this product.
This is perfect for one plate! It nice to have a microwave big enough to cook a turkey, but honesty, who ever cooked a turkey in a microwave? This is perfect and the round design means it fits a plate in a very small space! I got one for my mom, too, and she loves it! She finally threw out her old huge microwave and reclaimed counter space! My only wish would be that it was a full 1000 watts (it's 750) just so it would match the cook times on most microwave meals and recipes.
This is just adorable; not quite the power of my old AND HUGE microwave oven.  This one is SLEEK and SMALL and very high-tech looking.  It tucks in under my kitchen countertop and in a corner, out of the way.  I have to nuke things a bit longer with this one, but that's okay.
This is exactly what I was looking for . Not too large but will hold a dinner plate . Heats food well. Love the Express Cook feature, simply push  1,2 ect for however many minutes you want, it starts , runs till finished. Also like the fact display goes back to clock time instead of saying END like my previous one. Could not be happier .
This is by far the best microwave I've ever owned, of any size or price, for two reasons: (1) form factor and (2) simplicity of controls. I use a microwave to heat leftovers, cook frozen meals, make popcorn, melt butter or cheese, thaw frozen meat, reheat cold coffee, freshen stale bread of make it into croutons, cook sausages and hot dogs etc. I use this microwave several times per day.  I think my microwave usage is pretty typical.  The only thing I don't do in the microwave is prepare entrees from scratch (like cooking a roast or casserole). I've cooked all sizes of frozen entrees with no issues. Note, my review refers to an earlier model of this machine, which seems identical to this one that has replaced it.<br /><br />(1) Form factor. Because the guts of the machine are under the cooking chamber, this has the smallest possible footprint.  And because of the rounded back, I have it tucked into a corner of the countertop. This means I lose only 1' of countertop, and furthermore it's an awkward part of the countertop I wouldn't use for prep work etc because my elbow would bang into the fridge. Every other microwave I've ever owned took up 2' of prime, useable countertop. This makes such a huge difference in the usability and appearance of the kitchen that I'd give it five stars for this reason alone.<br /><br />The interior size of this machine is bigger than you'd think because it's round and all the space is useable. The round turntable entirely fills the rounded shape of the interior. An advantage of this is that nothing falls off into the corners as it cooks. I've occasionally thawed something bigger then the turntable (the sides and front of the microwave are square so this is possible) and it wasn't a problem.<br /><br />(2) Controls. I love love love the simplicity of the controls. It does exactly everything I need it to do in a way that is completely intuitive and simple. I should mention I own an Emerson microwave in my office that I have never yet beenable to figure out how to operate (and I'm of at least normal intelligence). The hated Emerson has lots of buttons and I'm sure it does a lot of things I don't need, but none of that matters because I'm not willing to learn a complex and counterintuitive interface to cook a frozen lunch entree. This Whirlpool, however, is amazing.  It has Power, Defrost, Reheat and Popcorn buttons, as well as a Plus (+) and Minus (-) and a Start and a Stop. I accomplish everything with the Plus, Minus. Start and Stop, and occasionally Power.<br /><br />To operate, you can just press the Plus until you reach the time you want, then press Start. Bam. You can't get any easier than that. The time increments get larger as you increase time, and this is absolutely not a problem. It uses 5 second increments up to 2 minutes, then 15 second increments to 3 minutes, then 30 second increments up to six minutes, then one minute increments from there. This is fine; I've never had an issue where using 6 or 7 minutes instead of 6.5 minutes caused a meal to fail (my pot pies call for 6.5 minutes at 50% power, and they're fine at either 6 or 7.  When I make popcorn, I always listen to the popping and stop it when it slows. That's because popping times depend much more on the freshness and moisture content of the kernels than the power of the microwave; this is true of every microwave. Similarly, when I'm thawing something I pay attention to the progress of it because again, the fat content of the food and how hard it's frozen makes all the difference in timing. I suspect there are fancy convention microwaves with thermal probes that allow completely mindless use, but that kind of ultra high-end microwave isn't what I want or need.<br /><br />I've been using an earlier model of this microwave for three years with absolutely no problem. I can't speak to specific reliability of the model here, but mine is the same in layout of controls, form factor, etc, so I would not hesitate to buy this one. In factI'm very tempted to buy one of these for the office and get rid of that annoying Emerson once and for all.
THIS IS AWESOME! LOVE IT! IT WAS EASY TO INSTALL! COOKING AND DEFROSTING IS VERY WELL! AND THE SHIPPING WAS EARLY! VERY HAPPY OVERALL!
This is an excellent product. It has variable intensity settings and just enough features to be easy to use. Its not only nice looking, but Consumer Reports rates it as one of the best. The stainless steal body makes it easy to clean and it fits any Kitchen decor.
This is an excellent Microwave and very big.  I am so very pleased with this product.  I think it is the favorite of my Grand kids in the kitchen!
this is a very nice microwave.. very easy to use with a great size to accommodate just about any item you need to prepare. Works fast and I would highly recommend it
This is a really nice little microwave!  Just what I was looking for.  No complaints.  It was shipped quickly by the supplier, too.  The controls are simple and elegant, and the surfaces are easy to clean.  I would buy it again.
This is a perfect kitchen microwave. I am thrilled with it. Great price for the value you get. Must say I am very satisfied.
This is a lovely oven, also a microwave; I have used this for a variety of purposes, as an adjunct to my regular oven and microwave.<br /><br />I would suggest this as an excellent choice for a counter top oven and microwave, but.... make sure that you have the counter space.  This is quite large, and the venting in the rear requires some space (I could not put it in a special shelf for the microwave I had, because of the venting).  For that reason, I would give this 4.5 stars, as it is not nimble, and is a counter hog.
This is a great small microwave. It fits in a small area. Replaces an existing. This works much better. Do recommend
This is a great product  Fixed my microwave like it was brand new  I would highly recommend it to anyone who has some paint chipping off the sides or top of their microwave
This is a great microwave. It works great and it looks beautiful. I actually purchased mine online from walmart, but I order from amazon alot and wanted to put my review here for all of you. I've had mine almost 2 months now. It has a 3 prong grounding plug. It's 900 watts and heats things up a lot faster than my other microwave, so I'm still getting use to that. I'm going to try and address everything I see people asking questions about. First off, when you hit a number, for example 2, it will automatically start cooking 2 minutes. You can press the start button and add 30 seconds. If you want a specific time, for example 3 minutes and 45 seconds, you can press the power button, then the numbers, 3,4, and 5.  It will start cooking 3 min. 45 secs. It has a lot of buttons for specific items like popcorn, pizza, dinner plate, defrost, etc. It has a normal hum when running. It has a turntable. The clock is displayed in green. It beeps 5 times, not super loud but loud enough, then stops. The light comes on when you open the door and while cooking. It has an easy to use child safety lock to lock the door. I've not had any problems with fingerprints on the exterior.The handle pulls easily. It has a nice weight to it. I have mine on a cabinet with grip bottom shelving paper under it, so I don't know if it would slide on a smooth surface or not, mine doesn't.  The inside dimensions are 12 in. wide, 12 in. deep, and 8 in. high. The turntable plate is 10 1/2 in.  Plenty of room for most things you microwave. For the outside dimensions, the width (side to side) is 19 in., the height is 11 1/2 in. The outside dimensions given for depth includes the slight protrusion in back and the handle. The actual microwave is 13 in deep without the handle and protrusion in the back. Here's the best way to let you know the depth to know if it will fit on your shelf or wherever else you put it. I have my microwave sitting on a cabinet which is 1 in. from the wall. I have it sitting 1 1/2 in. from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 1/2 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 1/2 in., which means that it is 12 1/2 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 1/2 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 1/2 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 1/2 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 1/2 in., which means that it is 12 1/2 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 1/2 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 1/2 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.
This is a great microwave, especially with the $25 discount Amazon is offering on kitchen purchases over $125. But let me tell you why this purchase was extra special. I was concerned about buying a microwave that had to be delivered (size, weight, fragile, etc) rather than from a local store .  But the selection at local stores like Best Buy was so bad, I placed the order. Unfortunately, the day it was supposedly delivered by UPS, no microwave arrived. I called UPS to see if I could start a tracer, but UPS told me that Amazon had to start the tracer because they sent the package. I went to the customer service site, couldn't find a phone number, and used the e-mail system. I thought - great - that e-mail will disappear into the ether, I may never hear from anybody, and here I am without my microwave.  That was about 8pm local time when I sent the e-mail. <br /> <br />The next morning when I checked my e-mail, I got quite a surprise. An Amazon rep wrote back, apologized my package had been lost, and re-ordered the item for me. Before too long, I had an e-mail the item was already shipping via 2-day delivery, and sure enough, 2 days later I had the replacement package. Wow! No hassle, no waiting, just great service. I couldn't believe it. I don't think I'll ever hesitate when I want to order something from Amazon again. I don't work for Amazon, they're not paying for this - I've actually never written a product review before. I was just so impressed with the customer service, I had to write. <br /> <br />The final chapter - the day before the replacement microwave arrived, the person who lives in the next cul-de-sac over from us, with the same house number, and with a street name similar to ours, showed up with the original microwave that UPS had mistakenly delivered to them. I wrote Amazon customer service an e-mail, and once again after a very quick response, I was able to arrange for UPS to come pick up the extra package.  Thanks Amazon.  You're great.
This is a great microwave!
This is a great microwave combination convection oven, the knob dial is actually very nice and initially was hesitant about getting it because of that, but now my wife and I truly love it
This is a great little microwave. It fits perfectly in my tiny space so that I have a little more needed counter space than I did with my larger microwave
This is a good little unit. I wanted something of smaller dimensions so I could put it into my RV. It fit perfectly, and it works just fine. Very attractive and very quiet. It's taken a while to get used to the new controls, but that's just because they're different, not bad. I plan to buy another for a small trailer that I have. In short I would recommend this to anybody.
This is a funny story....years ago my husband found one of these cube microwaves at a garage sale for $25.00!  It was perfect for our daughter as she has an extremely SMALL kitchen with very little counter space etc.  Recently I moved to a older home, new home to me with lots of charm and very little counter space. No room for an over the range microwave. My new little Whirlpool Cube fits perfectly into the corner space of my new little kitchen!  Love it, Love it, Love it....however $25.00 would have been an easier price on the pocket book! LOL
this is a fabulous microwave. It does both jobs of a regular microwave and a toaster oven. What more could you ask for. Presets are a bit off but it is pretty convenient to have. You can grill in this as well, though I haven't tried it yet.. I'll keep you posted. I would recommend this product to others.
This has been a great little addition. The plate is as large as a that of a larger microwave, but this fits in smaller space -- in this case, in a corner.
This brand was cheaper than some of the other major brands; however, this one was highly rated by Consumer Reports. Got here in  2 days!
This black LG over-the-range microwave is just what we needed!  It arrived in good condition with clear directions and fits perfectly.    We're happy customers!
This appliance works much better than my last sharp. As for noise complaint I didn't find it to much different than my old microwave. Only bad part about stainless steel is that you see all the fingerprints everywhere. Really liked the speedy service.
Thirty inch wide microwave ovens are a little hard to find. But that was the only thing I could use in the cabinetry in our Winnebago RV. It's much quieter than the one it replaced and seems to be more powerful too. We like it's added features oer the older unit we had. It decided to only run on high.
There is no brand name of the front of this appliance, which is nice because you can then pair it with your other appliances that may be a different brand. Which in my case was Whirlpool...just a note: Whirpool and Amana are one in the same.<br />I had it installed by a professional. I do not know if it was difficult to install. This is not a direct wire appliance, you will need an outlet in the cupboard above in order to plug it in.<br />So far no complaints. I have not had much time to use it...1 week since installation.
The unit was purchased to replace an old whirlpool unit that had performed flawlessly for 20 years. Although none of the holes lined up the Sharp unit fit perfectly into the space above our cooktop. So far the unit has performed as advertised.
The poor reviews of this product must have involved a bad batch. This microwave has worked great for us. Very powerful great look and fits in a very tight space. I really like the one touch timer feature. It seems to be well built. Ours has a sticker inside that says built April 2013. I am glad we got a more recent built unit than what seems to be problems with earlier units.
The person who designed this should have won a prize! Makes the most of a small corner space and is more efficient; about 20% more efficient. Great purchase!
the paint did a great job. would buy again.
The Motor fit perfect, works great, price was excellent.<br />Was much cheaper than new microwave A A A A plus
The Microwave works beautifully.  The installation instructions left something to be desired, but we figured it out.
The microwave is light on features but works very well for the functions it provides.  It's a very simple micowave that does it's core job well which is exactly what I wanted.  I didn't need all of the advanced features, cooking presets and auto-options that the more expensive microwaves come with.  I installed the microwave in a couple hours removing the old one that didn't work anymore and had a bag of popcorn right after...
The microwave in our new house had corrosion and under the turntable. I sanded and cleaned for about an hour then sprayed this paint. I did have a little overspray but it turned out pretty well. There's a spot that looks like I didn't sand and clean well enough but there is plenty of paint left in the can to re-do it. It's good enough for now and the paint is holding up well after a month.
The microwave does what it's supposed to do and is easy to use. I like the express settings so when you press any single digit it automatically puts in that amount of minutes. It is great for urban kitchen needs. For smaller kitchens, doesn't take up too much space or for bringing up flights of stairs it is nice and light. Really compact, heats up food well. Great for the price.
The microwave and is nicer then I expected for the price. It is stainless steel inside and out. they also include a replacement key pad cover. the only thing I do not like is the glass turntable did not come with a wheeled undercarriage to allow for smoother rotation, but other then that very nice and I would by again.
The machine is attractive and is performing within the range of all advertised claims and meets expectations. The control logic is intuitive and practical.
The item was fine. The price was great too compared other sellers.
The GE Profile countertop microwave 2.2 cu.ft. is not only a sleek looking appliance on our counter but is easy to use and allows for large capacity food items.  Very satisfied with our purchase.
The first time I used it, I was disappointed with it, but I don't know if it just got better, or if I pushed the wrong button the first time because it's been great since. Nice and roomy interior, easy to install (I did it completely by myself, though I recommend you have a friend). I did forget to change the fan so that it vented up at first, so I had to take it down to do that, but once you get the frame mounted on the wall, that part is easy. The hardest part was mounting it to the cabinet above... I'm not sure how they could have made it any easier though, the problem is mostly a matter of physics.    I would recommend this to anyone needing a decent power microwave to go over their range.
The Danby 1100w Microwave oven has proven to be the right purchase for my apartment. The unit is fairly compact given it's power rating, and because I have limited counter space size does matter to me! In my opinion the Danby is an excellent product (and made in America!).
The ceiling of my microwave was a disaster. Paint was peeling all over it. This product did the trick. Make sure you sand properly and spray several light coats rather than one thick one.
The buttons are hard to push, but otherwise, it's just what I wanted.
The appliance fits neatly my new kitchen perfectly, we hardly notice it is even there. The function works with all the setting of a regular machine, it just a lot smaller, the size a large dinner plate. I love it!
The 3rd one in almost 15 yrs.  A good reliable model.
Super cute. Works great. Because it's compact, some bowls and plates fit a little snug and the rotating plate has no off. Otherwise, it's fantastic.
Super
Sounds quietly after turning on for one second. It heats well too.
Some of the previous reviewers/buyers were somewhat negative about various aspects of this item.  I personally have used it now for several weeks and can only recommend it to an older less complicated user who doesn't need or want all of the bells and whistles that younger folks seem to find lacking in this product.  Not my take on it and it performs well for me and I use it sometimes several times each day for meals, beverages, snacks etc.  Great value for the money!
Solved the problem, Easy to remove and install, just like the video shows.
So far, so good. I've been using it for about a month, it is a smaller size and less oppressive in my small kitchen. Intuitive controls. No complaints.
So far, so good.  I have no complaints, but it's only been in use for about 6 months.  If I start noticing the same wear and tear (i.e. peeling paint on the interior), I'll post an update.  We use this appliance several times a day, everyday.
So far so good. Replaced a Samsung and the existing bracket worked. Much quieter than the one replaced. My wife loves the<br />melt/soften function.
So far so good! It's just big enough to fit my large ikea plates. I didn't think it would be, so I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't want to sacrifice counter space, and this was the best option. It seems to heat up pretty well. Sometimes it takes a little longer than other microwaves, but for me an extra minute isn't a big deal. For the size and price, it's a fantastic buy.<br /><br />EDIT: Just thought I'd update. It's been 2 years and it's still going strong. No issues whatsoever. It works just as well as when I purchased it.
So far it has worked fine with no service calls.  I will keep you posted in future years.  Given how nicely it fits in our kitchen island, I would probably buy another one even if it lasted only 2 years.  Update:  Finished year 4 with no problems.  Still very happy.
Small package, but large inside. It will fit a full size plate. Perfect counter microwave. Takes up very little space in the corner. We love it. We have had many comments on how cool it looks from friends.
Small and simple to use. very well made.
Simply the best microwave we have ever owned
Simple to use, spacious, and compact. :)  Been looking for a microwave like this for a while.  The only drawback is it looks a bit like a old TV on the kitchen counter.
Simple and basic microwave. Works as expected and does the job. Perfect for limited space on a countertop.
Shipping was fast and the packing was supreme. Easy to install, we are doing a remodel and I had my points to use. So happy I used them on this microwave. My other appliance are whirlpool and it looks great with everything.
She Who Must Be Obeyed was ready to throw the microwave out as the interior was beginning to flake.  A little sand paper and paint and she welcomed it back into Her kitchen.  It feels good to go one up on this disposable society.
Setting it up it is the only issue.  It is very specifically for counter-top use only and it has an EXTREMELY short cord.  The cord doesn't even reach to the far side of the microwave.  Expect to need an extension cord.  The unit is a tiny bit smaller than average, but not much.  It has a pull down door that doesn't lay flush when opened, which may be a problem for larger dishes, but I've yet to encounter an issue.  There is an internal light that turns on when the unit is operating and when the door is open.  It runs a lot quieter than any microwave I've ever seen, and does so in all four modes (microwave, convection oven, air fryer, and toaster oven/grill).  There is no timer, which I found odd, but I've been using the phone for that for so long, I barely notice.<br /><br />The settings make it super easy to use.  You can auto-reheat a dinner plate or a casserole with a single feature.  There is a convenient popcorn button.  I've heard stories of a friend without that feature trying to pop up a bag of microwave popcorn.  Six people.  One microwave.  No viable popcorn.  No such problem here.  One button and let it pop.<br /><br />There are also auto-cook features for pasta, beverage, chicken breast, frozen breakfast, and frozen dinner.  What? No frozen lunch?<br /><br />The air fry (or slim fry, however you want to call it) feature worked well for me, though I only tried homemade french fries.  It only works for this list of pre-programmed items:<br /><br />Frozen oven chips (aka french fries)<br />Frozen breaded prawns<br />Frozen chicken nuggets<br />Frozen potato croquettes<br />Frozen onion rings<br />Chicken wings<br />Homemade french fries (there is a recipe in the guide and it's good to read it first if you've never air fried these before)<br />Potato wedges<br />Drumsticks<br /><br />For using it as a toaster oven, or grill (it seems like they use the terms interchangeably) you put the thing you want to toast/grill on the high rack (included, as is the lower rack) and select grill.  For medium dark toast, I go three minutes on each side.  It comes it shockingly good, same as from any toaster.  I had low expectations for that one, but it worked really well.<br /><br />Overall, it does everything it says it does, and it does it very well.
Seems to be good quality
Same as it was described, best part, I did not have to go anywhere, it came to my house right  on rime
Replaced in Sharp Microwave; took about 30 minutes; now turntable works again.
Replaced an existing OTR microwave that had a burnt out magnetron. It's been several months since install, and I am still very happy.<br /><br />1) Carousel works.<br />2) Has a convenient 30 second or single button push for 1-9 minute intervals Can warm up small dishes or teas with the 30 second quickstart.<br />3) Nukes food up really quickly.<br />4) Very easy to install. Even with a old house, I used the printed template to drill guideholes and place in the retention frame. Took me two hours, and I was able to pop it in place all by myself.<br />5) Vent does a good job at sucking.<br /><br />Got it in fast, and in great condition. If you need a cheap replacement, this is it.
Received product as described and expeditiously. A++++
Really worked. The once rusty bottom inside of my microwave looks brand new.
Really nice!
Really nice fit and finish STAINLESS INTERIOR wipes clean GET IT
Really love this microwave. Has the one touch settings that I wanted along with the +30 seconds button.  Its a great size for a countertop.  It can be a little noisy when it beeps as others have said.
Really enjoyed the drawer type microwave and the auto open feature is a plus.<br />Comes with full warranty even though is is a refurbished model.
Quality Merchandise..  Great value.
Put in my older 2001 GE spacemaker microwave oven. Works perfect and same replacement number.
Purchased from Amazon and was received within 5 days (exceptional).  Since it was the same model as my old one, installation was very easy with no new holes or brackets to install.  So far it works very well and I consider it, at this point, an exceptional purchase.
Purchased as a replacement for one that had been destroyed by a tenant who microwaved a plastic cup.  The first one was a nice model.  This one has served well, as well.
Purchase was a good one.  Love the design of the microwave, and so far it meets all my needs.  Being short, the drawer is much more comfortable for me.  The process of ordering and receiving from Amazon was simple, efficient and has been one of the best purchases I've made in the whole kitchen reno project. Thanks Amazon.
Pros:<br />Large<br />Fast and Even Heating<br />Great Defrost<br />Not too loud<br /><br />Cons:<br />Sensor reheat is only good for soups and other substance that it is okay to heat to boiling (don't trust it with Pizza, or other foods like that).<br /><br />Bottom Line:  This is an excellent large microwave for countertop use.  The inverter defrost works almost perfectly every time, never cooking my food more than it should, but the reheat is a gimmick.<br /><br />This is a large countertop microwave, at about 2.2 cubic foot.  Coming from an over-the-range microwave this is a huge improvement in size.  The microwave heats uniformly and fast (it is 1200 watts).  The sensor reheat should only be used on foods it is safe to boil, otherwise it overcooks about everything else.  It also works best when you lightly cover the food, as sometimes uncovered food triggers it to turn off too early.  Lightly covered is critical, as the sensor works off water vapor temperature being released from the product.  If the water vapor cant leave the container it could become superheated.  Sensor cook should also only be used under supervision (you should be in the same room).<br /><br />I have had the microwave for about 6 months now with no issue.  It is no louder than other microwaves I have used, and the controls are intuitive and easy to use.  You do not have to press a cook button or anything to start your timed cooking.  My favorite feature is the inverter defrost.  Remember you enter the weight in pounds, so for an 8 oz pack of bacon you would enter 5 and start for 1/2 of a pound.  If you had a 1.5 pound package of meat, you would enter 15 and start for 1.5 pounds.  The display shows the weight correctly. Not much else to say about the product, it is a microwave after all.<br /><br />Update: To improve sensor reheat performance, use a lid over the food with a vent hole.  I use a paper plate with a small hole (finger tip size) punched in it.  This will make sure the reheat stays running long enough, but still gets some water vapor to judge the food temperature by so it doesn't over cook.<br /><br />Update (6/26/2010): I have been using the microwave 2 years now.  It has been no issue and still works perfectly.  I use the sensor reheat almost all the time for soups and casseroles, and use the inverter defrost for my frozen goods.  I also use the popcorn button to heat microwave popcorn bags.  Everything has been working great!<br /><br />Update (7/26/2011): Still going strong.  I use the inverter regularly for defrost, or lowering the power level to cook something slower.  It has worked well for me, and I think problems might be from shipping, quality control, or some other factor.<br /><br />Update (3/21/2013): Still going strong, but maybe a bit noisier now.  No issue with inverter function or anything.eheat stays running long enough, but still gets some water vapor to judge the food temperature by so it doesn't over cook.<br /><br />Update (6/26/2010): I have been using the microwave 2 years now.  It has been no issue and still works perfectly.  I use the sensor reheat almost all the time for soups and casseroles, and use the inverter defrost for my frozen goods.  I also use the popcorn button to heat microwave popcorn bags.  Everything has been working great!<br /><br />Update (7/26/2011): Still going strong.  I use the inverter regularly for defrost, or lowering the power level to cook something slower.  It has worked well for me, and I think problems might be from shipping, quality control, or some other factor.<br /><br />Update (3/21/2013): Still going strong, but maybe a bit noisier now.  No issue with inverter function or anything.
Prompt shipment, great quality. Stylish microwave, perfect for limited counter space.
Prompt delivery, my microwave is back up and running.
Prompt delivery and great looking microwave. I cannot wait to try out grill function. I already went through instruction book to familiarize myself with the functionality.
Product has not default but the weight is way too much for the size of the microwave. Easy to use. Could the weight has something to do with the power of the engine? Only the technicians will be able to say something about it. But will definitely recommend it to whoever is looking for good but affordable microwave. Outstanding for the prize.
Product does the job it was sold to do.
Prep surface carefully.  Be sure to leave no residue on surface to be painted.  Use multiple thin coats.  Allow sufficient time between coats for it to dry.  The color matches my microwave very well.
Powerful and beautiful microwave.
Picked this up at our local Lowes for a good price. This model has the real stainless handle, and not the painted-grey handle I saw on a lower end model. We installed it with minimal problems for our kitchen out of the 1960's that usually has non standard things (finding a fridge that fit was very painful). We needed one with a low clearance distance to the cook-top - 14 inches or less, and Samsung meets the bill at 13 inches. After using a counter-top microwave for the past few years, this seems huge. I'm still learning all the features, but am certainly pleased by the power of the fan. I'm exploring the use of the sensor cooking and can't wait to use the rack to be able to actually cook the amount of squash I want at once - the old microwave was just too small. I'll update this review if I run into any problems as we run it through it's paces, but so far it was relatively easy to install and is easy to use.
Perfectly fit in my kitchen, and power is OK. it has everything I need for a basic microwave. I've been using it for several days, haven't found any problem yet.
Perfect space and size. I have no cabinet space and this works perfectly. But you can't put a regular size plate in it. Still serves their purpose.
Perfect size. And it works great.<br />I love it..
Perfect size for my small kitchen.  Very attractive.  Easy to operate and performs well.
Perfect size for my dinner plates. I like the express cook buttons that allow me to hit one button to start cooking. Cooking times for store bought frozen foods seems to be just right for this microwave. Good quality for a low price.
Perfect replacement for my old one.  It is deeper than my old one but not to an extreme.  I can nuke larger items now.
Perfect for what I needed! I love this microwave.
Perfect for semi truck at 750 watts can run on1000 watt inverter
Perfect for my needs (compactness, appearance and performance). A very high quality product.
perfect for my application
Perfect for apartments
Perfect for a small family home, dorm or guest house.  Although the controls are not conventional they are excellent once you understand them.  The bottom slides too easily on counter tops every time you pull open the door; easily corrected by adding a pad or rubber feet.  Available at a big box store with blue logo for twenty bucks less.
Perfect for a countertop.
Perfect fit. I went to several appliance stores locally telling me I couldn't get one to fit. Love the look and bot microwave and convection  wok great.
Perfect fit.
Perfect fit in my tiny kitchen.  Love the cool blue digital read-out!
Perfect fit for a tiny counter space. Looks great and does small reheats well. Interior space is not huge but fits a dinner plate snugly
Perfect
People always ask what the hell is that thing parked on the fridge, its the perfect size for me to warm up a single dish or a coffee! I dont cook in a microwave, its functional and its beautiful!
Part was received on time and works perfectly.
part is same as picture
Part is as described. Arrived in a timely fashion. Installation was easy. Direct replacement for the magnetron in our 10 year old GE spacemaker. Microwave is working again!
Over the range microwaves are a wonderful way to save counter space. This one gives you the option of venting the fan to duct work, or back into the kitchen, and fit under my standard height cabinets very well. Be advised that this requires a 20 amp GFI outlet to be installed inside the cabinet over your stove. This isn't hard to work out, because chances are in a newer house, your existing vent hood has electrical for it's fan and light. Watch a few youtube videos of these being installed and you should be fine.
Ordered because my turntable inexplicably shattered after 5 years. This replacement was listed for my model number. Perfect fir. Great price. No problems.
one of the best micro-waves I ever had
on time and as described
Oh my gosh!!! This is fantastic!! It saved sooooo much counter space. We have a family of 3 and it suits us perfectly. I had one of the big stainless microwaves, just took up so much counter space.<br />Only down side is you cannot type in a specific time for something to heat. You press the start button and it's automatic 30 seconds (press twice, 60...and so on) now that it's been a few weeks, I don't really miss the number bad. I'd rather save the space!!
Not very big, fit into my small kitchen just fine.
No issues, I love the product!
Nice size for an apartment :)
Nice product for the price.  Delivered quickly.
Nice
Needed a new stainless steel microwave. Works well, nice and big. It is only stainless on the front, black everywhere else. Works well so far...
Neat little unit. I have no complaints.
My wife wanted this item after conducting a great deal of internet research on it. I had been used to using a 10 year old microwave and did not think I would be that impressed with this new model. I was wrong. This is one of the best appliances that I've ever purchased.
My wife does 90% of the cooking in our home and I asked her what she thought of our new GE Cafe Series CSA1201RSS 1.7 cu. ft. Over-the-Range Advantium Speed Oven & Microwave and she said, &#34;I love it. I may never use our regular (range) oven again&#34;. I use it for the usual things that most men use it for. Popcorn, heating coffee, warming left overs and the like and for me, I think it is also great. It reheats just about anything I have tried to just the right temperature. If there are any cons with this appliance, I haven't run across them yet.
My unit arrived quickly and in good order.  Took just a little time for my wife and I to mount this on the wall; the instructions were adequate for setting up the mounts etc.<br /><br />Been working perfectly, can't think of anything to complain about except there was another reviewer who commented on a design flaw of there being no proper cover to the exhaust vent on top; small items could fall into this area.  I would agree with them, though in my case there's nothing above that would fall into it.
My turn table would not turn I ordered this part and put it in and the microwave is as good as new.
My Sharp drawer microwave is so much more than I even hoped for.  It is convenient.  The button to open and button to close OR easy pull to open or easy nudge to close and it finishes opening or closing by itself!  Love that!  I had to REPROGRAM myself to go easy to get it opening or closing, then let it finish all by itself.  I was impatient because it takes 2 seconds rather than 1/2 second that I used on my previous microwave to jerk it open or slam it shut.  It's good for me to slow down for 2 seconds!  There are more single cook options than I have used yet. I really like the push START once to get one minute cook time, 2 pushes for 2 minutes, etc.  Can do the same to add a minute while cooking.  SENSOR REHEAT and SENSOR COOK buttons are useful, but as in prior microwaves, I have to still keep a check on how it's cooking.  It seems to cook evenly, but I probably will get a windup turntable if I can still find one.    It holds a 9x13 pan with room to spare.  The 1000W power cooks fast.  Love it!  Love it!  Love it!
My Sharp convection  over the range mirowave is perfect. Other brands have a protruding handle, {could hit tall people in the face} the handle on my new Sharp is flush and much more stylish. My husband installed it, the instructions were great. Sharp has designed the shipping box to be used as a lifter and holder to assist the installer.  <br />The best thing was the excellant service from Amazon, and I saved over $200. Thank you Amazon and Sharp!!!!
My regular glasses can't fit in so keep that in mind, you'll need shorter glasses. Its footprint is a winner, even though I got tons of real estate on my countertop already, I still appreciate how much space it frees up when compared to my big ass conventional MW. I do miss the analog dial (to set minutes) on my old MW though, touching these touch-sensitive totally flat buttons is just so unnatural.  I regret that I didn't buy this earlier.
My over the range microwave died and the manufacturer no longer makes the model I have.  Because it will take me some time to find what will look correct with what I now have, I needed a microwave oven quick!  Took a chance, because I didn't want to spend a lot of money, and purchased the Danby 0.7 cu. ft. countertop.  I couldn't be more pleased.  It works just great for what I need and it arrived in two days!
My old microwave is going strong! Planned obsolete is no longer going to take me over. Paint works great. Prep took a while as old paint may not like the new paint and bubble. So prep!
My old microwave (dating back to the mid-90s) finally bit the dust.  I was worried that I wouldn't find another compact microwave to replace it, but this one fits the bill.  It is small, but big enough for the needs of our 3-person household.  I find height to be more limiting that width in microwaves, and this one offers about the same height as a regular one.  It's not as powerful as some of the full-sized microwaves, but an extra minute of waiting is worth it for the small footprint.  It's attractive although the buttons are not terribly intuitive.  The rounded back works well for our needs, as it nestles into the corner even better than our previous unit.  After a few months of use, I'm quite pleased with this purchase.
My mom bought this for us about a month ago and it's been a real pleasure having it in our kitchen. There are no extraneous buttons, just tap the START button for 30 second intervals. Everything cooks evenly and quickly plus it's small so it sits in the corner and looks like an old school tv.  I recommend this for anyone that just uses a microwave to reheat and cook smaller frozen food meals.
My microwave was rusting out badly and it is an undercabinet attached microwave.  I didn't want to have to buy a new one to fit in that small spot and I didn't want to have to remove the microwave to paint it.  So in a couple of hours, I cleaned the microwave (directions online), covered all surfaces from overspray, and used this paint.  Now I have a new microwave and I keep a clean sock filled with rice in it when it is not being used.  The rice absorbs the moisture so the microwave won't rust again.  I am very happy.
My husband has been using this for the past month in his high school classroom, and his students have been using it every day to warm things up.  It's already been getting a lot of use, and is holding up great so far. Of course, I know it hasn't been used that long, so I'll be sure to update my review as they use it more.<br /><br />The nicest features of this are:<br /><br />* It's a microwave that also grills and crisps food -- so it really functions more like an oven than a microwave.  It comes with a grill rack, and you can cook meat on it.  When you use the grill function, you can put metal into the microwave . . . but just be careful that you take out the metal once you use it as a microwave proper. The gill function works fine, but doesn't make your food quite as crispy and nice as a regular toaster oven does.<br /><br />*  The crispy plate is also perfect for doing pizzas, and the students who have been using it to cook frozen pizzas have said that they are evenly cooked.<br /><br />* The 1,000 watts make this pretty powerful.  It's good at evenly cooking food, and doesn't leave those cold places in frozen dinners like cheaper microwaves do.<br /><br />*  There are ten power levels and a plus 30 seconds button, so you can easily add more time to your cooking time.<br /><br />* A standard variety of pre-set buttons make this good for doing basics such as popcorn, veggies, and potatoes.<br /><br />* The exterior has a scratch-resistant coating, and the stainless steel facing doesn't pick up smudges and fingerprints like stainless steel often does.<br /><br />The measurements on the 1.1 cubic foot microwave are: 11-11/16 H by 20-3/8 W by 15-13/16 D in inches.<br /><br />Overall, this is a really nice microwave.  As I mentioned at the start of my review, I will update this as my husband and his students use this more, but, so far, they've really liked it and it's held up well to constant use.
My husband & I were looking for a microwave for my daughter & her husband for a Christmas gift.  This is the same brand that we have & are very happy w/ it.  This is exactly what we were looking for & so happy to find it @ such a reasonable price.  Their home is nearing completion & they are so excited to install this microwave & start using it.  Our daughter said that she just loves the modern look & knows that it'll look wonderful w/ all their other stainless steal appliances.
My daughter had a GE microwave/oven combo. The microwave had the infamous GE flaking paint interior problem. The cost of replacing the integrated units to correct the microwave was very steep. So I bought a can of this paint to see if it would work.<br /><br />To my amazement, it did! Now it wasn't easy, I had to degrease the inside of the oven (TSP), then sand it by hand and some machine for about an hour to get all the base paint solid. I used PaintStriper sanding blocks, 60 and 100 grit, the followed up with some 150 grit paper. Then I had to mask the oven opening with masking tape, paper, and a cheap plastic tarp to beware of overspray.<br /><br />Pro - Followed the directions on the can, and sprayed away! It worked and is still holding up 3 weeks later. So about $35 in material has, so far, stopped a very expensive (hundreds of dollars) oven replacement.<br /><br />Cons - The paint is acetone based so ventilation is a MUST .  Pick a day when doors and windows can be open and I would get the kids out of the house. The paint does dry very fast in about an hour.
Motors turn at the correct speed and are powerful enough to power my project of a miniature barber pole and the price was good.
Microwave works well and there have been no problems.
Microwave that takes half of the space of the previous, fits in the corner and don't interfere with wi-fi!<br />Putting the magnetron beneath the microwave made it compact.
Met my needs
matched its description, successfully replaced broken part on my samsung dishwasher. does the job needed, which was mostly just to keep the top dishwasher rack in highest position. i have used lever to raise and lower but it's just not some thing i need often. hard to install, had to really press on it using tools, before it made an audible snapping sound and settled into place. it only goes in one way, in a specific place, so pay attention because force is required and forceful install in wrong place will destroy it. since it is a hard plastic, i could see where the plastic mounting tabs showed stress from the install.  i worried they would break off during my efforts.  important to know that these are side-specific, you need to buy a right or a left to fit the need because it cannot switch between them.  when one breaks, the others carry the load and break sooner so buy spares. ensure your purchase specifies right, left, or both.
Many more features than advertised. Reading the manual is highly advised to get the most out of this product. It even has an automatic fan function for over a range use if there's too much heat buid up.
Made my 2005 Manufactured GE Spacemaker XL1800 work like new (man! there are a lot of different shells for the XL1800 depending on the year it was made!)! There was a small round diode-like item attached with 2-screws to the side of the original unit and not on the replacement. Simply moving this to the same location on the replacement and connecting things back up did the trick! I also replaced the small included diode that connects to the capacitor...why not? It was there.<br /><br />The whole deal took 2 1/2 hours start to finish - including remounting the unit above the range and going over to a neighbor (thanks neighbor!) to get help removing and remounting the microwave. Lots of videos on the web to help you along the way. Be patient and keep track of your screws!
Love this. Microwave is not on the counter or looming over the stove. I've had it a year now,  no complaints. Smooth opening and closing, nothing spills.
love this! Good size for countertops<br /><br />had it since January 2015 and loved every minute of it.
Love this microwave. Product was Easy to install, and easier to operate. The first one we ordered came damaged. The process to return item was a piece of cake. The second one came (from a different company) and was packaged much much better. We used to have our microwave sitting on the counter. We remodeled our 1950 galley kitchen and only had room for a drawer microwave. We will NEVER go back to any other microwave. Well worth the price..<br />Love, Love , Love this product
Love this microwave.  It fit perfectly in the area I wanted it to.  I wanted a simple, smaller microwave and this fit the bill.  Most microwaves are larger and have too many bells and whistles for me.  It is very attractive - I wanted some stainless to match my other appliances.  I have another Danby product (dehumidifier) and find Danby to be a good product.  In one review I read it said the microwave slid when opening the door - I haven't found this to be a problem at all.  The price for this is great.  Would definitely recommend it.
Love this microwave! It heats food & drink up fast. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the compact size! Counter top clutter is one of my pet peeves~so this definitely opens up some counter space. It's so cute too!
Love this microwave! I have limited space in my kitchen, it slides perfectly in the corner!
Love this microwave!  Perfect size for our office counter, works very well and looks nice.
Love this microwave!  Gives me more space in my kitchen. ..only con is the price.
Love this little microwave.  We recently sold our home and have had to live temporarily in a small one bedroom with very little counter space.  I found this one and based on reviews, decided to buy it and I am not disappointed.  Works better than any microwave I have ever owned before!  Very pleased with my purchase!
Love this little microwave! It is the perfect size (holds just a dinner plate) and LOVE that it does not take up a tremendous amount of room. We don't use it for much other than occasionally heating something up (1-2x month) or steaming vegetables, so I can't speak to how it does for heavy use.
Love this drawer microwave!  We have kids and it is so easy for them to make popcorn or warm up their milk.  Besides that I am 5'2&#34; and reaching traditional microwaves is always tough and impossible to clean without a stool.  Not with this one!  So great!
Love the versatality of this oven!
Love the size and design!  I have had it for over 6 months and still working well with no issues.
Love the microwave. It works great and adds such style and flare to our kitchen.
love the microvave,especially the prompts which makes initial usage inherently friendly and easy to navigate.heats well-we're very satisfied with it.
Love that it is off the counter, large, and works well.  I originally bought this microwave 6 years ago with absolutely no problems.  An electric failure in the house caused us to have to replace it, and without question, we bought the same one.
Love my new microwave.  It looks great and works great too.  Love not having the microwave on the counter!
Love my little microwave oven!
Love LG products. Got product in a timely manner.
LOVE IT.
LOVE IT!!!!!  I AM HAPPY WITH MY  PURCHASE<br /> AND LOOK FORWARD TO MY NEXT DEAL.<br />KEEP THE DEALS CINUBG.  LOL
Love it! Love it! Love it!  My Sharp microwave of 10 years finally died.  It had survived numerous moves and the door was actually held on by strapping tape.  We looked around at other microwaves and found we couldn't beat the price for all the features offered by this model from.  This one was built with the same quality as my old one and I don't doubt it will last as long.
Love it! Just as described, works great!
love it!
love it so far!
Looks great. Works great. I've been using it since May, probably daily, and haven't had any issues at all. It's stainless on the inside as well, so it wipes clean easily. Food and beverages seem to heat evenly. Great deal!
Looks great, works great. Took less than an hour to install. Was a little overwhelmed with instructions, but was easier to install than originally thought. Looks great in my kitchen and has opened up so much space in my small kitchen. I would recommend this product to anyone!
Looks great for the price and works well! Could not ask for more.
Looks Good...Works Well
Looks good, works well. Does the microwave thing. Venting is open at the top, though. Things can fall in. That's a strange design.
Looks good, and seems to be holding up a couple of months later.
Looks and works great. Easygoing to read key board .
Looked large in the box, but fits nicely over the range.  Looks great and works great.  Has met all expectations and for a lot less than other microwaves for more.
Look around at microwaves and you will typically see they are all the same rectangular shape. If you live in a small apartment, counter space is typically premium real estate and a microwave eats up quite a bit of that space. That was the case in our place. We had our old microwave on top of the refrigerator because we couldn't sacrifice what little counter space we had. That had its own problems because neither one of us is tall so reaching up with a spatula to remove a microwave dish had a few drop events. Not fun.<br /><br />Our old one recently conked out so off I went in search of a small unit. I saw this one and had a Eureka moment. Since it is only about 14 inches wide, I thought it would fit in the corner next to the coffee maker and once set up, it's great. It does take up space but there is now room for the essentials on the counter since this tucks nicely into the corner.<br /><br />The only issue that we had with this unit is that we have the old school laminated counter top in beige in our kitchen and sliding this into the corner resulted in black lines being drawn on the formica from the feet of the microwave. A magic eraser got rid of that.<br /><br />The other minor thing is that when on the laminate counter, the microwave slides when you try to open the door. They should have built this with non-slip feet. I cut a couple of squares of that non-slip grip stuff that's sold just about everywhere and that solved the problem.<br /><br />The inside of this unit is very small. Keep that in mind. It is a tall unit, but the cooking space is not conducive to a tall item. You can put a 4 inch call mug in there with no problem. I would not go above 5 inches in height for any item put in here. 5 1/2&#34; would leave only a very thin space at the top and I don't know how that would work out.<br /><br />These small things are well worth it to regain precious counter space.
Little and cute, and it does the job. I use microwaves mostly only for melting butter and chocolate, and for making popcorn. We had gotten rid of a big, old one, but my husband likes to have one for reheating food, so we succumbed. Opening the door with one hand is difficult or impossible, but the price and the size are right and thus, a good review.
Lighter than the GE one it replaced.  Easy, simple to use TouchPad.  Installation was easy and I am not the best when it comes to installation of appliances.  I usually pay someone but the previous reviews indicated it was simple and they were right.  You just need 2 people when you are ready to lift it up and hang it in place.
kids love to use it wife does too. Works under bar. it is a perfect space saver. hard to break! Love it.
Just the right size. Not too big.....not too small.
Just needed for a touch up<br />But works great!  Will keep<br />On hand if see another chip<br />To be fixed
Just installed the microwave and it has a lot of options. Just getting used to it. Unit did arrive with 2 minor dents to the exterior cabinet. Didn't return item because damage was hidden by install and didn't effect the operation of the unit. I was kind of wary that it would arrive damaged due to the weight of the item.I would recommend this item.
Just installed it  that part was easy
I've written quite a few product reviews in the past, but never have I seen so much debate and misinformation about what would seem to be a simple kitchen appliance! A lot of the reviews I have read here are either mistaken in their details or are trying to compare apples to oranges. Samsung (or whoever the Samsung dealer on here is) has only added to the confusion, unfortunately.<br /><br />First, a few points to set the record straight. The appliance is NOT covered in stainless steel. There may be a bit of it in the trim, but it seems like whoever wrote the description hasn't actually sen one in person. Most of the outside has a black, textured metal finish, which does seem to blend in quite nicely with my own black and stainless steel kitchen appliances. It may not blend in with a kitchen that is all stainless and has no black in it though.<br /><br />There is a bare minimum of plastic in the construction, which is limited to the trim, &#34;open button&#34; and part of the door latch. I have not had any problem keeping either the highly polished front door clean nor the outside of the appliance. In fact, the texture of the black sheet metal on most of its outside surface actually prevents it from becoming a fingerprint magnet.<br /><br />Another misconception comes from the grill rack that fits inside. Some people have mentioned that it is only to be used in the grill mode, which is not true. The rack can be used in the combination grill/microwave mode just fine and your microwave will NOT burst into flames. From the manual, page 11: &#34;Grill Rack, to be placed on the turntable. The metal rack can be used in grill and combination cooking&#34;. It will even &#34;work&#34; in the microwave-only setting, although it won't contribute to the cooking process at all. In fact, the main feature of this appliance is the ability to both microwave AND grill at the same time, and you can't utilize the grill to any effect without the rack in place.<br /><br />This brings me to the main point of my review. Those who are most critical of this appliance are simply comparing it to a microwave. This is an apples vs oranges type of logic as the addition of the grilling element really makes this an unfair comparison. Is it heavier than most stand-alone microwaves? Of course it is, because it has an entirely separate heating element, electronics and carries the additional weight of a ceramic enamel interior. This is really two appliances in one that work together seamlessly to greatly enhance the texture and heat distribution of foods such as pasta, pizza, crusts, etc. The additional heating element also makes the appliance larger than stand-alone microwaves, which is entirely understandable to me. This also explains the slightly lower wattage rating than some heavy-duty microwaves. If used with the grill though, it seems to cook items just as fast as a microwave with a higher wattage rating.<br /><br />Adding to the weight is a metal exterior that uses a heavier gauge of sheet metal than the vast majority of stand-alone microwaves on the market. The reason for this is pretty simple. To keep people from burning themselves when coming into contact with the appliance. Without the heavy-duty (which is necessarily heavy) inside and outside finishes the device has, it would eventually lead to someone getting accidentally burned. For those who wonder why it doesn't have more capacity or more wattage, the reasons all boil down to safety. You can only add so much shielding to keep the size (and cost) of such an appliance practical. I think that Samsung engineers did a pretty good job at balancing safety, size and materials to keep this at a reasonable cost for a device that offers so much more than a simple microwave does.<br /><br />In regards to cost, I have seen the price of this product fluctuate wildly over the past few weeks. At one point I believe it was $179 (shipping included). Then it went up to $230 (shipping NOT included). Today, it is down to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.<br /><br />For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.n to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.<br /><br />For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.
I've only had this about 4 months but so far it works very well. It's more powerful than my last microwave.
I've just had this microwave installed in my new kitchen. I wanted to find one that could go in my island and wouldn't  detract from my new cabinets. It's easy to use and is a great addition to my new kitchen.
I've had this microwave for a year now, and it has performed flawlessly. It also looks great, and is very easy to clean, inside and out. The best thing is the one-touch start for things like tea and re-heating. I don't feel like I have to program a computer just to make something to eat.
I've had this microwave for a couple of months and I have no problems with it, it is working very well.
I've had this a relatively short time so my review is subject to update. the controls require a little reading to understand but other than that this is like something from the kitchen of the future. The automatic pop out / pop in is smooth and quiet. The power is sufficient to get the job done quickly and the microwaves are dispersed so there are no hot spots.
I've had a white one for 21 years. I had to install a new cap for our new range vent. Anything that lasts that long with no maintenance makes the purchase decission a no-brainer. Only issue is that it only comes in black, but a Rustoleum White spray can will fix that. Oh, and it's kind of hard to find in stores. Finally found a Lowes close to my work that carried it.
It's small, and fits perfectly in a corner. Microwaves things.
It's rather small on the outside, and just big enough on the inside.  Everyone who comes over thinks it's a TV.
It's great
Item was what was advertised, in condition advertised and delivered on time. That's all you can ask of a supplier. You must prepare the area where you are going to use the paint. Takes a lot of sanding and preparing, but the result of spraying even coats is great.
It works well. Does everything I bought it for. Easy to set  and operate. Does take a while to warm up for baking, but operating on 110v it is to be expected
It works just fine.
It works fine.
it works
it works
It worked great at home. But we got it for our truck. But our 1500 watt inverter can't run it. So it fit great in the freightliner truck. But u gotta have a bigger inverter.
It perfect for a studio or smaller kitchen. It fits a standard 10.5 inch IKEA dinner plate just fine with space to spare, but anything much larger would probably not fit.<br /><br />Power wise its fine (it takes 2:30 to 3:00 minutes to bring a mug of water to boil) and heats up my leftovers just fine. Clean design and stable carousel that rotates 360 degrees as it cooks. One reviewer complained about an unstable carousel, but I think they forgot to install the circular runner that provides support on the periphery of the carousel glass plate. The runner is taped to the inside packaging with the owners manual.
It microwaves leftovers and it fits in the corner with a relatively small footprint.  That's all I ask from it.  Wish it came with a low profile plug but I figured out a way to make it work.
It met all my needs regarding space, looks like a TV, works well and you don't need a college degree to operate. Very pleased with this products. Little pricey but worth it.
It is so nice! it works, is small, has a wonderful shape, it is an acquisition for my kitchen. I recommend it.
It is perfect for my needs for space.  Size is good and so far performance has been good The extra rack is a nice addition
It is listed as stainless steel, but a magnet stuck tight to it.  This is not typical of stainless-not this much attraction.  Research through  Google showed some stainless is magnetic.  I knew this, but the attraction seemed too strong.Was this a stainless steel coating over iron-I do not know.<br /><br />The microwave has worked very well for me, I have no complaints.<br />Caution: Some cleaners can pit S.S. Amonia should NEVER be used on stainles!  IF-IF it was a S.S. coating and a PIT GOES to  TO THE IRON!<br /><br />My experience has been with microwaves that have the white enamel coating inside.  The coating starts to seperate  from the metal shell and fall into your food.  You remove it until it is almost all gone, leaving the exposed metal shell to rust.  This has happened to me several times.<br /><br />I am very pleased with the Danby Designer from Amazon.
It is just the right size, it doesn't crowd the space!
It is a great microwave.  Had to replace the one that came with the house (same model) since my boyfriend burned the inside of it.  It is quick, quiet and I love all the features about it.  Easy to keep clean unless you date my boyfriend...then he will burn it one way or another so keep him out of the kitchen.
It has the 3 things I cared about - a light that goes on when you open the door, a quick one touch feature (30 seconds) plus single minutes, and it is the right size and power for my uses.
It has been about two months and my husband and I love this microwave. We have plans of putting it in our new island as a built in. It looks great and works really well. The convection feature is a huge bonus.  I would buy again.
It fits perfectly under my cabinets - the measurements given by everyone are accurate! I was terrified this would blow the ancient fuses on my already electrically overtaxed retro apartment, but it runs with just a small dimming of lights. WHEW. It heats nicely and is quite spacious. The only annoying thing is that start/stop are the same button, but &#34;cancel&#34; is a tiny button near the top of the panel. So often I go to clear the screen from leftover time and end up starting the darn thing again. I am used to cancel/stop being the same button! I'll reprogram myself. In the meantime, I love it.<br /><br />Side note: There is a cardboard-y thing stuck to the side of the microwave which is not mentioned in the other reviews or in the manual - LEAVE IT THERE. If you go to the manufacturer's website, you can find out it's a mica panel to protect a vent. It's tempting to toss it because it looks out of place with the rest of the shiny chrome, but just leave it.
It arrived in perfect shape and I just had to plug it in.  I have been using it every day even though I have an over the stove one too.  It is so handy to do small jobs along with the big one.
It  works very  well. It's easy to use. It' runs quieter then our old one.  And  it heats and reheats everything we want. The only thing I notice is it's very  light weight. It tips easily, if you lean on it.
Is a combination microwave oven worth the extra cost?  This SAMSUNG COUNTER TOP GRILL MICROWAVE certainly is.  I've used the &#34;combi&#34; button (30% microwave power combined with a single-temperature top heating element) along with the &#34;crusty plate&#34; and grill rack to cook bacon, hamburgers, and frozen hamburgers.  All came out tasting like grilled meats (not microwaved meats).<br /><br />The regular microwave features work like any standard microwave.  The interior is easy to clean.  The microwave door is a mirror that takes a little getting used to (see the attached photo).  The only thing I don't like about this appliance is that the mirrored door won't allow you to watch your food while it's cooking.<br /><br />This is a beautiful kitchen appliance that performs the function of both a microwave and a toaster oven.  But everything cooks with the speed of a microwave.  At 950 watts, the microwave is a little less powerful than my old 1000-watt Sears microwave, so I need to set it for slightly longer cooking and reheating times.<br /><br />***Cleaning Tip:  If you grill bacon, you'll get grease splatter on the roof of the microwave.  Bon Ami removes this easily, without scratching the interior.
Installed easily and looks great. It's only been in use for about a month but we have no complaints. Fan is quiet.
Install went well but retrofiting the exterior vent was a chore but thats not a problem of the unit. Only had it up and going for a short while but so far so good.
Install was really easy, and the microwave looks and works great. The buttons are really touch sensitive and it seems to clean very easily.
Innovative shape, perfect for limited coutnerspace in a small apartment
impressive for the price,works great. Quiet and powerful. opening the door is two handed sometimes but a good value.
II had the same problem that many people do with the GE Caf&eacute; microwave. The paint was peeling off after a couple of years and GE would not stand behind their product so I bought this paint and masked off the interior's good areas sanded and prepped and cleaned real well and sprayed a couple of coats. Sprayed really nicely, covered well, not easy to run unless you really squirted in one place for too long. Dried quickly, minimum odor, nice sheen looks like new. This was a good fix although I think it's probably temporary because the product problem was endemic to the unit and will probably continue to flake off but I'm hoping that using this bought me a couple more years. The product came quickly and I was very happy. I would only wish that there was a little bit more in the can but for what it's advertised for it's perfect.
I wasn't sure what component broke in my microwave - a GE Spacesaver XL1800.  It would actually run, just would not heat the food.<br /><br />From extensive research, I figured out which components, when broken, would allow my microwave to run but just not heat.  The list below is from the most likely to least likely cause of the problem.<br /><br />1. Diode<br />2. Magnetron  [many times #1 & #2 happen together]<br />3. Capacitor<br />4. High Voltage Regulator<br />5. Control circuit board<br /><br />90%+ of the time it is #1 or #2 and most likely both.<br /><br />For me, it was both.<br /><br />When I ordered the above diode I tested it with an Ohm [volt] meter and a 9v batter.  The original had current both ways.  The new one allowed current only one way - that's the correct result.<br /><br />Tests on my old and new magnetrons with the Ohm meter had the same results (no battery needed for this).  Both tests read as a closed circuit (or 0.00 on my Ohm meter).  So I wasn't sure if the original Magnetron was actually broken or not.<br /><br />So to check this, I kept the old Magnetron installed and just installed the new diode (plenty videos on youtube on this).<br /><br />No heat. Problem NOT fixed.<br /><br />So then I replaced the Magnetron and kept the new diode in place. New Magnetron.  New Diode.<br /><br />Success.....my microwave works. Yay!<br /><br />Hope this helps.<br /><br />PS.  I ended up getting the an exact copy of the above Samsung OM75P(10) Magnetron for $52 (total final price)on another site.<br /><br />PSS.  Consider replacing the halogen internal light bulb while you have the microwave apart.
I was reluctant to get a microwave because of limited counter space that I have in my tiny apartment, so I talked myself out of not needing a microwave. But then I realize how convenient it is to have one and found this one that's just the right size, that's when I knew I had to get it. But don't let its size fool you...it can fit a full sized dinner plate. Five star for sleek design and function. Love it!
I was looking for something small and not too expensive. Then I found this. I ordered it around 7pm and before I could finish making my coffee the next day, my item was at my door. I was amazed by the fast delivery. Five stars ?to them. And plus it was just what I wanted works well too. 
I was going to say despite its size, this is a wonderful microwave, but then I think the small size is the best part!  I bought it for my small kitchen, and it's not only adorable, it's a kick ass machine.  Love it!
i was going to replace the microwave, checked it out and found it was the magnetron. ordered this, delivered FAST, fixed it for under a 100 bucks!
I was a little worried about the quality of this trim kit after reading previous reviews.  But the thing is beautiful!  My husband had to do some work to fit the thing in our space.  The results were wonderful.  And now I have a built-in microwave in stainless steel to match my other newer appliances.  The look is very nice.
I was a bit put-off by other reviews critical of packaging, delivery, installation problems, and quality.  In my case at least, Amazon and Sharp scored 100% in all categories.  I do find that a small hydraulic jack helps immeasurably when single-handedly positioning the unit during installation. And the manual was misleading regarding exhaust fan orientation.  It's often the case that manual updates lag product improvements.
I was a bit concerned after reading some of the ratings, but I took the plunge -- and I'm glad I did.  It does everything as good or better than advertised.  As with most products, the manual could stand some extra effort (simplification), so those who don't read it do so at their own peril.  Both my wife and I are pleased with this product and hope it lasts as long as my original Samsung (11 years).
I wanted a small microwave to heat food more than cook it in the first place. For example, I bake a large casserole in my oven, keep it in the fridge, then later heat meal-sized portions. This Danby model is perfect for that. Occasionally, I'll prepare a frozen dinner or pizza and its good for that too as long as the food container does not exceed the 9 inch (or so) interior rotating cooking surface.<br /><br />One thing to be aware of, and that is this is a 700 watt microwave. Most food packages show microwave times for 1100 watt microwaves. This means you must cook things longer with 700 watts. No problem: Do an internet search for &#34;microwave 700 watt conversion chart&#34; and you'll see plenty of charts you can print. I posted one I printed to the inside of a cupboard door and consult it when I need to convert the 1100 cooking time shown on the food package for my 700 watt Danby. Example: 4 minutes at 1100 watts shown on package = 6 minutes 17 seconds on a 700 watt microwave.<br /><br />This is a small sized unit with 700 watts of power. It may no be for everyone. However, it meets my needs exactly. Also, it looks and performs well. I have had no problems with it. I'm a satisfied customer.
I use microwave just to rewarm my food. I barely use it to cook. The product is cheap and good for rewarming my food. I already used it for 2 months and have no problem. I don't know how long it is going to last. The product may also be good for cooking but I don't know since I don't cook with microwave.
I thought I would wait to make sure everything was working correctly before I commented. The microwave is the perfect fit for my kitchen. It works exactly as expected and I was surprised a dinner plate fits too. It takes up a corner of my counter but it's very sharp looking.  I've had many compliments. I am a very satisfied customer.
i think it met and exceeded my expectation.You need atleast 2 to paint the entire microwave ( 2 layer).I am new to this ..but it delivered good results.Thanks
I see many disgruntled people who have had shipping problems. Sharp  does not put enough packing materials in the box to ship these VIA Post-Office or UPS. At 85 lbs The seller needs to Double Box these and add more packing material and then send via FED-EX or DHL at a higher ground rate and customer will be fine. Thanks <br />thecloseoutking
I researched many microwaves for our needs, and this is the perfect unit. It is my second one, as the first I had special ordered to be delivered to a big box store, it arrived damaged. This one arrived fine, well packaged for the trip. It cooks evenly in the convection mode and as a microwave it is fabulous. It arrived when promised. I would definitely buy from this seller again.
I recommend this product because it works. Rarely do you find a product that works as well as it says. Read the instructions carefully and it will do the job.
I receive so many compliments about this cutie in our second kitchen. We have little counterspace in the area and this is worth every penny, works great, and a spectacular space saver. Highly recommended.
I really thought our built-in microwave was going to have to be replaced, because of the paint pealing away and rust forming where exposed.  To my amazement this inexpensive product solved my problem with ease.  Remember to have area well vented to the outside and to use a mask.  By using many light sprays you will prevent runs.
I really love this microwave.  The design is modern and appealing and the function is ideal for application.  I am very satisfied with having this product on my kitchen countertop.
I purchased this unit to replace a Sharp R-2110JW Smart Carousel which proved to be a piece of junk. What a contrast! For about the same price this unit is much higher quality. The controls are well thought out. The door is designed with the window built in. The Sharp has a plastic overlay glued on that fell off after a couple months. The wall mounting was very easy and straightforward. Overall I couldn't be much happier! LG has won a convert!
I purchased this to replace a much larger microwave taking a lot of counter space.  Since we only use a microwave to reheat food and pop popcorn, this microwave is perfect.  I held off using it for several weeks because the inside wall of the microwave had a rectangle piece of cardboard screwed into the side with a metal and some plastic screws.  I removed the screws and cardboard but there were no instructions to tell me to remove it.  Once removed, there was a rectangle hole on the inside wall that was next to the turntable plate.  My old microwave didn't have an open space.  My concern was that if I heat soup, it could run over the bowl and spill inside this open space.  It still doesn't make sense to me because the cardboard couldn't have been meant to be left in since it can't be wiped down when cleaning the inside of the microwave.  Oh well, this mini micro works great and heats everything we need to the correct temp using the approximate times I used on my old microwave.  Yes, I'd purchase this again but I'll also be purchasing a rubber mat to place under it because it slides around when opening or closing the door.
I purchased this to repair my microwave and to save big bucks on a new one, it's been a while since I purchased it and it is still turning steady and strong great product
I purchased this microwave and and a more expensive model ($200+) from Williams-Sonomo and this Whirlpool is a much better machine. The build quality is excellent and the veritcal-ness of it saves space on the counter. Had to return the Williams-Sonoma model.  The Whirlpool is perfect for heating plates of food and leftovers in medium size bowls.<br />At first, I missed the numeric key pad on my old over the stove model but the small size of this models doesn't allow for the large pad. However,, after a short time you get used to pressing the start button to add time in increments of 30 seconds. Super product that I would buy again and it looks cool.
I purchased this item for two reasons, 1) because this is a Union Made microwave assembled in TN (the only American made microwave I've found)  and 2) It has a convection oven that can double as a 2nd oven.<br />The styling on this unit is very nice, sleek and not overcomplicated, it enhances the look of my kitchen.<br />The microwave cooking is simple, with built in functions for thawing frozen items or popping popcorn, etc.  You punch a button, it asks you how many steaks you are defrosting or how much popcorn you are popping and it does the rest.<br />Convection cooking is new to me, but the manual and recipe booklet that come with the unit have already produced salmon steaks with a white wine/basil sauce and cooked a pizza.  I've found that in the heat of the summer I can use this oven vs. my gas oven and it cooks faster and doesn't heat up the house as much.  There is also a function that combines microwave and convection cooking to get meals done even faster... there are so many things this machine does, I've yet to figure them all out.<br />A nice feature, you can turn the turntable on/off depending on whether you have a round or rectangular dish.<br />The unit runs on regular 110 voltage, so no complicated rewiring.<br />GE, Kenmore and Samsung all have similar units -all made in Korea, all for the same price or more. I chose this microwave because I was tired of complaining about outsourcing of American jobs and wanted to support a company like Sharp that is still making some of their units here in the USA.
I purchased this drawer microwave from Amazon for a new custom designed kitchen we were installing in our home.  My wife couldn't understand why I wanted it because she had never seen one before and didn't think the whole &#34;drawer thing&#34; was a good idea.  She eventually (reluctantly) agreed because she didn't want a microwave to go over the stove and there were no other good options for our kitchen design.  Once it was installed, she said she liked the looks of it (built into the island).  Everyone else that has seen it really likes the way it looks also because it's kind of unique.  When my wife used it the first time I don't think she wanted to admit I actually had a good idea but the drawer microwave works perfectly and it's easy to get cookware in and out since it's waist high with the door open.  My adult son used the &#34;sensor reheat&#34; button on a restaurant leftover meal he was warming up to eat.  The feature evidently &#34;senses&#34; the air inside the microwave as the meal is cooking and stops automatically when it's ready.  Pretty cool feature!  I love the microwave.  It adds to the custom kitchen design look and it works great.  (I think my wife even smiled one time when she used it)
I purchased the Danby as a gift for my nephew who has a small apartment. I selected it mainly due to the price (less than 60 bucks at walmart) and the fact that it takes up little counter space. Although I was not expecting much in terms of features, I've been really impressed with this.<br /><br />It offers a wide range of programming features. There are 6 one-touch buttons so you can set 1 to 6 minutes of cooking time with one key press. It also has an add 30 seconds feature that can be used at start-up or while the microwave is already running. There are also a host of timing options for cooking and defrosting.<br /><br />It looks really nice - much better than I was expecting. Pretty decent stainless steel trim on the front and the handle, and a black casing. Looks like it cost a lot more. Easy to clean, and the handle keeps fingerprints away from the front. One difference from the picture -- the key pad is all black, and not white and black as in the photo.<br /><br />The 0.9 capacity is just right. I also have a 0.7 capacity machine, but that has a problem with any dish that's larger than 11 inches. The 0.9 gives you a decent amount of interior space, but doesn't take up much more counter space than the 0.7.<br /><br />It has 900 watts of power, and does a good job of heating foods quickly. The interior light is bright and comes on when the unit is running or the door is open. Reasonably quiet when it is running - typical noise level for a microwave.<br /><br />Can't speak to reliability as of yet, but it comes with a 12 month warranty that is extended to 18 months if you register it online.<br /><br />Great machine if you're looking for something that is small, but still very usable. Highly recommend.
I ordered this microwave to replace an over the over microwave we had that stopped working. We wanted something small since we realized we don't use on much anymore except for frozen vegetables and reheating coffee. We needed a small microwave that would fit in a small area. This was the only corner model microwave I could find anywhere online. It is very cute and looks like an old-school television set. The controls are very simple, there is no number pad, you use the + and - minus signs to adjust cook time. This microwave also has a built in timer  which was also very nice. At only 750 watts, it seems to cook at the same rate as out old 1100 watt microwave.<br />Although the price was  higher that a comprable-sized microwave, the size and shape make it worth the extra money.
I ordered and it was very fast shipping about couple days.<br />My turntable engine was broken after 10 years used my microwave.<br />I'm very easy removed old engine and put new one.<br />Quality product and parts was new.<br />Highly recommended this seller.
I only use a microwave to reheat coffee so when I bought my new house and it didn't have a microwave in the kitchen I was kind of like, meh, no biggie. However, after several weekends of cold coffee I caved and went looking for a small microwave that would look cute on the kitchen counter without taking up too much space. I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY WITH THIS. It's literally the most adorable microwave that you could ever want. If you do &#34;cooking&#34; with a microwave, then this isn't your best option. But if you're looking for something to heat up a beverage or reheat something small then this guy is great for you. Have I mentioned how cute it is?!
I needed a vertical microwave to fit a special spot in my galley.  This unit has proven to have both the power and interior space to meet all my needs.
I needed a smaller sized microwave to fit on my kitchen counter top, and I couldn't find anything smaller than a 0.7 Cu. Ft. in any store.  Since this one had so many good reviews, I decided to give it a try.  It not only fits perfectly on my tiny kitchen counter, but it is also the best microwave I've ever owned.  It fits regular sized dinner plates so it's the perfect size, and it heats up very quickly.  I would recommend this to anyone especially if you have a small kitchen.
I needed a small, compact microwave. This is perfect if you have limited counter space. The depth is good. It will hold a dinner plate but the interior height is shorter than a regular size microwave. This is because the controls are on the lower panel instead of on the side. The control buttons are simple but intuitive.
I needed a microwave that would handle large dinner plates but took no space.  This item fits the bill perfectly.  It fits neatly into a corner of my countertop, in no way dominates the area, and functions way beyond what I expected.  If you are looking for a compact microwave that handles big things this is it.  Don't hesitate to purchase it.  Highly recommended.
I needed a little oven that fit in the corner.  For size and convenience it works well.  I have found that I need to leave what ever I am cooking in the oven a little bit longer.  But it works well and no complaints about operation.
I m happy with it
I love this. The cord is on the right, and short, I could have used the word on the left but other than that (because of my outlet location) it deserves a full 5 stars. It does reach to my outlet, but would have been nicer on the left for the location I have the microwave. Other than that, I love this little microwave, I do have too cook things 30-60 seconds longer however, the space I save it worth the extra cooking time. Heats up food, frozen vegetables, and makes small bagged popcorn perfectly. Fits a full sized plate or paper plate, fits a 10&#34; bowl about 5 inches high and that leaves some space too the top. This is not for cooking meals, small things only in my opinion and just what I needed and wanted.
I love this new little microwave- I had no room in my small kitchen, but I hardly know it's there, it takes up so little space. The only thing I don't like is, there are 2 removable separate plastic parts under the glass plate turn table- more parts to worry about should they ever get lost. The plate rests on one of the plastic parts (the turner with wheels) which makes the plate about 1 and a half inches higher than the bottom- which makes smaller space to fit tall items. There is no grove in the floor bottom in which the plate would normally sit.<br />The whole unit is easy to clean- ALL, including the inside, is flat and smooth- no dials or protrusions. It has only a 30 second button, so must press the button 8 times to get 4 minutes- which perfectly heats a cup of coffee. The only easy cook button is for popcorn which only gives you 2 and a half minutes- I don't know why the manufacturer would choose &#34;popcorn&#34; when coffee/tea is used much more often. This small microwave fits my big dinner plates easily. I am very happy with this product- so easy to use and clean.
I love this microwave. Small is what I needed but, wow what great extra features and it is beautiful. I am beyond happy! Yes it is small but, that is what I needed and what I am used to. I can't get my largest dinner plate in but, I can get my smaller ones in. I love how the back is rounded. I had a Sharp Half Pint that finally died after 24 yrs. This has way more features than the Sharp. I have very little counter space so, thank goodness I found this. Yes, it is pricey but, well worth the money to me. UPDATE &#62;&#62;&#62;I  purchased it 12/20/14 and it died April 3rd/2015. Whirlpool has been  very nice and will be sending a replacement.
I love this microwave. It was worth waiting for. I had ordered this microwave from 4 other companies that said they had it in stock and then called to tell me they were backordered.Amazon delivered. Thanks
I love this microwave. I only require quick reheating or a baked potato every once in awhile. It's the perfect size!
I love this microwave. I needed something that could go in my new kitchen island and I did not want to spend a fortune for something that had mediocre ratings. This microwave has had mixed reviews but it is working great for our household. I would say the only somewhat negative is that the door is slightly slow to open, compared to a regular microwave door that opens manually. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase.
I love this microwave.  It is the perfect size for a small space, it looks nice, and it cooks well for a 750 watt.  The first one I received would not latch and Whirlpool took care of sending me a new one and picking up the old one, even though I did not purchase it directly from them.
i LOVE this microwave, it is cool, works great, and frees up the counter. it fit seamlessly into the required hole listed in the specs, and if you want a range hood and not a microwave over the stove, this is the only way to go
I love this little microwave. It fits on my countertop easily and does not take up a lot of space. It is large enough to heat everything I use a microwave for.  The controls are intuitive and easy to use. The high setting is only 700 watts which is less than the 1100 watts I was used to so cooking tends to take a bit longer.  The only minor annoyance I have after several days of use is that I have to remove the turntable to fit my coffee cup in the oven.  My cup measures 6&#34; tall and is just a tad too tall to fit with the turntable in. However, I found if I remove the turntable and set the cup on the spindle that turns, it fits perfectly.
I love this little microwave!  I previously owned a large Panasonic 1250w monster that was awesome, however, after it unceremoniously died after only a couple of years, I was looking for something that wouldn't quiet eat up so much counter space.  After coming across this one, I was a tad reluctant to pull the trigger on this little guy for a couple of reasons: #1 - What if it was actually TOO small? & #2 - It didn't have the crazy power of my last one & I'm impatient.  Alas, I bit the bullet & have been VERY happy with it ever since!  I've realized that I never actually *cook* dishes in the microwave (totally not counting late night Easy Mac liaisons), so it's actually perfect for me for heating up leftovers, making popcorn, heating up water, etc.  I was pleasantly surprised that even with less power than my last, I still don't feel like I am waiting any longer to get my food hot.  It was a little weird not having a number pad to select a specific time for about a day; now it's no big deal at all.  I usually just press the start button a few times, getting the time up to whatever I want it to be & let it go.  I would highly recommend this microwave for anyone who has similar usage as I, as well as someone who wants to free up some room in a small kitchen.
I love this little microwave oven.  I just reheat food and cook some frozen dinners, so I wanted something that wasn't a counter space hog, was easy to open and easy to clean, and didn't have a lot of fancy options that I never use.  Previous reviewers have noted that the beep is loud when adding time, and that the seconds have to be added in 5 second increments (so there's a lot of pushing the + button), so I guess there's still room for improvement, but it does exactly what I want it to.  What I particularly like is the solid face without buttons sticking out of it.  Very easy to wipe clean, no worries about liquid getting into the circuitry.
I love the simple controls of this microwave
I love my unit.  Have had it for years.  Very easy to operate.  Could have not purchased regular oven.  This one does it all.  Would highly recommend.
I love love love it! I got rid of my previous huge 'shrine to the microwave' cabinet, set this cute little one in the corner where it occupies counter space that's unusuable anyway and gained several valuable square feet of cabinet storage on my wall. It does everything it needs to perfectly. No keypad? No problem. It's small but who roasts a turkey in the microwave? It will still hold four ears of corn, a large round casserole dish, and plenty tall enough to do just about anything you want. I'm sure I'm saving energy too by not using my huge microwave to warm a half cup of coffee! Get one!
I love it!  I have a small kitchen with limited counter space and this little microwave is exactly what I needed.  It works as well as any other microwave I have owned.  Very happy!
I love it However I had to return it and Repair my old one as the DOOR Hinge did not Allow for flush placement on Left side, as its in a RV and thats the way RV MFG installed it
I live in a small house (400 sf) so I don't have much room for anything. This may be too soon for a review (as I just received the microwave y'day) but so far it's just perfect. I love that the controls are on the bottom instead of on the side, as my microwave cubby is only 16.5 inches wide. I like the style and the easy setup, as well. It's perfect for an apartment, dorm room, or office kitchen.<br /><br />One thing to note - on the inside left wall (if you're facing the microwave), there's what looks like a cardboard panel screwed into the wall by the vent. There isn't anything definitive about what to do about this panel, and since it looks like it could possibly be removed, I called Whirlpool customer service to get some clarification. Long story short - don't remove the panel, it's supposed to be there.<br /><br />Other than that momentary confusion, I'm really happy with this product.
I like this microwave, it is small and uses very little space in my small kitchen, but it is powerful. It is a good combination of quality and good design. Expensive but worth it
I like the looks, the operation buttons on the bottom lends itself to a user friendly and a highly visible control panel. We have multiple Samsung products. All exceed our expectations of their products<br />There are NO other microwaves on the market with bottom eye level control buttons
I like how it doesn't allow finger prints
I just received this.  I was looking for the most compact microwave with the best reviews and this was it.  So far, I tried boiling a cup of water and fixed a baked potato.  It works just great.  Yes, I would recommend this.
I just got it today, Works great, Just the right size, Just the right price<br /><br />You could not get a better one for this price.
I just finished remodeling my kitchen a few months ago. I was trying to go for something different in putting together my design and I thought this would not only be cool, it would free up some valuable counter space. I was a little concerned upon reading some of the reviews from some who have purchased this microwave and aren't too thrilled with it's performance however upon much consideration, I decided to take the chance and as Nike says, Just do It. I have been using my microwave religiously since June and it has been nothing but the best. It looks sleek and cool built into my cherry cabinet. The performance of the unit has been trouble free to date and overall, I would not hesitate to buy it again.
I have owned this Microwave for 2 years and have NEVER had a problem with it.I use it daily for cooking and warming food. I would buy this same unit again. It works great.I don't understand all the bad reviews?This Sharp was a good product.I don't understand where people say it has a loud noise while it runs? I have had a few different microwaves and the motor sounds alike on every unit I had.My sharp sits on my counter near the stove and it has a really nice appearence to it.I am very Happy with this Sharp Microwave.
i have only been using the product about one month but am very pleased so far.  it is well-designed and solves the problem i had of bending down all the time to access the microwave.  easy to install, looks good.  some reviewers have reported quality problems though i've had none so far.  i will update my review if it fails
I have never owned a convection oven before. I love it! Living in the south and only cooking for 2 people, why heat up the whole kitchen!? It's so easy to use. I bake everything in it now. I also use most of my Pampered Chef stones in it for even easier clean up!
I have just gone through 10 weeks of kitchen remodel that was supposed to take 5-6 weeks. I researched venting microwaves and found very good reports on this one. The availability and price here on Amazon beat my local big box stores and chains. Installation appeared easy for my contractors. There are options to allow venting outside, either behind or above the microwave (not so clear from product description) but we had planned to vent through filters as the only other option was through our garage (not compatible with local code).<br /><br />The bells and whistles are amazing, with our kids ready to show us how it works, right after we stop the clock blinking on our VCR.
I have had this microwave three years.  The only problem I ever have with it is that the door sticks sometimes.  I just have to tug on it every once in a while.  The oven works consistently and does everything it should.  The defrost stops intermittently to tell you to turn things over or separate them or whatever.  That is sometimes helpful and sometimes not -- If I have just one chicken breast in there to defrost I have to hit the button to resume defrost about three or four times.  I do respond by turning the chicken over one of those times.  I defintely recommend the microwave.
I have had mine for over a year and it is perfect! No one even notices it and it is using corner space I would not otherwise use. If trying to heat large amounts or use it a defroster or substitute oven then this might be too small for you. However, if you use a microwave for reheating food, cooking small amounts, popping popcorn and heating water it truly is perfect!
I have benn using this mivrowave for about a month now and it is great. It is easy  to use and powerful when cooking a microwave meal and the packing tell you to put in in for 3 min. and 30 sconds. your meal will come out nice and hot. this microwave is munch beatter then the lg one I had. any one looking for a good microwave should look in to this one. Don't belive the bad reviews. because I have had this microwave for a month now and I have Had no problems with it. I got my microwave from home depot.
I have been using this microwave for four years now without any issues. A nice deep oven with a really powerful fan. Good results every time I use it!
I have a tiny kitchen and was replacing an over the range microwave. I was looking for a space saver microwave, and I found it. It is large enough to handle anything my old microwave could do like day to day tasks of reheating, baking potatoes, and other small food items.
I have a super small kitchen and this microwave fits perfectly inside. It works great and looks pretty cool.  I was hesitant about it fitting a large dinner plate but it does!!! So, it works for all my needs. Maybe the only downside is that you can basically only set it in 30 second intervals but that is normally the type of microwave cooking I do anyway so it's fine for me.
I have a small kitchen. This fit perfectly in a corner on the counter. It looks super cute and I have received several compliments.
I have a small kitchen and my old microwave was a full sized microwave that took up a large amount of cabinet space and seemed out of place because of its size.  Shopped around and found this smaller sized unit but was hesitant because it is 700 watts while my old unit was 1000 watts.  However, I have found that cooking time in this unit is insignificantly longer than the old microwave.  A few second for most things.  I don't actually cook in it but use it for warming left overs or frozen snacks, etc.  For my use it is perfect and it is an attractive addition to my kitchen rather than a huge distraction.  If you need a smaller sized microwave, I highly recommend this one.
i had where and tear on the bottom of my unit and paint pealing on the top. i brushes it down with a wire brush and put several coats of paint on it as directed. the product worked great. the inside of my microwave looks brand new.
I had found a small blue cube micro wave some years ago.  After 16 years of service it finally wore out.  I love the cube shape and took a risk on ordering this little gem.  I couldn't be happier.  It is the great same size, the outside is fabulous and it has more power than the last microwave. Would not hesitate to purchase this again! Totally worth the price.
I had a small paint chip on the inside that would spark because bare metal was exposed. A couple of coats of this paint saved the day. It has a use that is far more than cosmetic. It saved me about $175 because I did not have to buy a replacement microwave of similar quality because I did not trust using a paint that was not microwave friendly.
I had a rust spot inside my microwave oven.  Sanded it down, put on two coats of paint, fixed the problem and the rust hasn't come back.
I had a ring of rust and metal on the bottom of my microwave oven.  My husband just wanted to buy a new oven but I had already ordered this product.  I worked great.  I followed direction I found online and my oven is like new again!
I gotta say... This microwave looks slick in my kitchen. Nice LED display... Sleek metal Samsung look... Goes nice with my new Samsung Washer and Dryer set ;) Also works great and the controls are laid out intuitively!
I got this to save counterspace and the fact I only use the microwave for reheating small meals and popcorn.  It performs these functions perfectly.  It may not have the most power but if another 30-60 seconds of reheating time is going to throw your day off, you have bigger problems than this microwave.
I got this microwave yesterday and I've been smiling about it ever since. I just love how it looks in the corner of my kitchen. The only negative to me is that it's kind of expensive for a small microwave, but what was the last thing you bought for your kitchen that just made you happy? Since the only con I can think of is the price, I'll just run through the pros as I see them.<br />1. It's unique. Every other microwave I've ever seen (with the exception of the Sharp Half-Pint) looks pretty much the same: a horizontal rectangle with a door and a keypad control panel to the right. The bottom controls and lack of numeric pad make this thing look entirely different, and in a good way. (Don't worry about the lack of a keypad, the controls are a no-brainer.) When you unbox it and see the rounded back, you know you've bought something different from the norm.<br />2. It's big inside. Bigger than my old GE compact for round things, and I've just never had the urge to throw a 9x13 pan in my microwave. (I have yet to try it with popcorn, manual says limit it to the 1.75 ounce size.)<br />3. It's powerful. 1:30 on high heats up a cup of water better than my old one. Good enough for me.<br />4. The LED display is blue. Very cool, in my opinion.<br />5. The interior light goes on when you open the door. Some small microwaves only light up while you're cooking.<br />6. You can use the timer and cook simultaneously. Pretty standard, but some don't. Also, you can adjust the timer and the cook time on the fly by hitting + or -, no need to stop and reset. And you can toggle between the timer and the clock if you want.<br />7. No door release button. You just grab the recessed edge of the door and pull. And it feels solid when you shut it.<br />8. The reminder tone shuts off. Yes, it reminds you when you forget to pull something out, but it shuts up after three reminders and reverts to the clock. (I swear my old microwave displayed End most of the time.)<br />9. Limited features.The only special features are defrost, reheat, popcorn, and power level (100%, 75%, 50%, 25%, and the power-saving 0%). I've never used anything more.<br />10. I'm running out of ideas, but to make a nice round 10, I'll point out that the door is about two inches thick with a space between an inner and outer window. This gives it a kind of window-box look that I like a lot.<br />Hope this helps convince everybody to pull the trigger and buy this microwave. You won't regret it!<br />NOTE: The display panel comes covered in a clear plastic film that is pretty easy to miss when you're unpacking. I didn't see it and was highly alarmed after a couple of days when the start button started to look and feel cracked! Further investigation revealed the protective film, which easily peeled off to reveal a pristine panel underneath.
I got this for my new 1/1 apartment in the city.  I'm so in love with it.....<br />*Easy set up<br />*Perfect for small spaces<br />*Works amazing<br />*My coffee/food gets super hot<br />*Price is affordable better then the high priced ones<br />* Stainless look, classic (easy clean up)<br />I honestly don't have anything negative to say about it.
I don't find this microwave any noisier than others I've owned. I also find it very easy to use even without reading the instructions. So far it heats food evenly and is pretty powerful. Great basic, affordable microwave.
I didn't measure well and this wonderful piece of equipment was much too large so I had to return it So sorry I'd have loved to keep it
I currently have one of these that fits perfectly in the space I have.  Bought this one again as a spare.  Just in case... and we know that case will come at the most inconvenient time.  Very happy with this 800W model.  Does my jobs.<br />  It is pretty good for my 1964 vintage wired house.  Too many things plugged in and too many watts required at the same time makes for too many trips to the fuse box.
I couldn't enjoy our travels in our RV if I didn't have my Sharp convection/microwave oven. I just love it !
I bought this on Amazon to replace a Sharp microwave, which has served me well for several years. Based on the price, compared to other with similar features, this unit is the least expensive. I was also impressed with the comprehensive directions for installation. I am closer to being Tim (the toolman) Taylor than a professional at home improvements, so I followed the instructions with precision. The results were outstanding. Not only does it look GREAT where my old stove hood used to be, it passed my popcorn test, of which, I am particular. No scotching, full bag, satisfying and an extra plus, while I am beaming over my accomplishment, the beep sounds indicating the popcorn was finished, the display read Enjoy. Am I ever! I have in my digital locker,courtesy of Amazon, my own .pdf manual. What a great investment in money for the microwave and the time for installation of the unit.<br /><br />Solidly built, looks great, came with lightbulbs for range light INSTALLED! No cons, but could have used some help with installing, as the manual recommends 2 people install, but I did manage nicely by myself. I would suggest an additional set of hands for final insertion, once preparations are complete. I have only owned this for a day, but, I wanted to tell my tale to give others an incentive, if they are on the edge, to jump at this opprotunity to snazz up the kitchen in a big way and for little out of pocket.<br /><br />Panasonic wants like $300 for a comparable unit. I am pleased to pay 1/2 as much and get a quality unit such as this. You can even get this for $25 off before January 31st, free shipping (this dude is HEAVY!) and no tax, do the math, it is a steal!
I bought this microwave for my first apartment which has extremely limited counter space.  This tucks nicely in the corner that typically isn't usable space and allows me to still have enough room on the counter for food prep.  It heats food very evenly and fits a full sized dinner plate in it.  Even if I eventually move into a place with a larger kitchen, I'd likely keep this microwave since it works so well.
I bought this microwave for my college dorm room and their isn't a day that goes by that I regret it!<br /><br />This microwave is relatively quiet and very easy to clean. It is also the perfect amount of watts to keep the university off my back!
I bought this microwave almost a year ago. Love it. Quality is good enough ( I do not use it too often). I really in love with the design.
I bought this microwave about two years ago, and it still looks and functions great!  Have not had a single issue. :)
I bought this for myself about 2 years age and liked it so much that I bought the same one for my sister. I like it very much. Its a perfect size, easy to use, has a button for baking potatoes and other items. I recommend it very highly.
I bought this for my truck to use off of an inverter but it was so attractive and functional that the wife made off with it. Overruled. It does look nice in the kitchen. Fits great in the corner and looks good there.
I bought this for my brother and he said it is great.  Great price point and it works really well.
I bought this for a gift for a family member about 500 miles away. He says he's very happy with it and that's all I need to know
I bought this because the counter footprint and wattage were both low. I didn't expect very intuitive controls, a super easy-to-clean interior, weirdly efficient heating (stuff gets hot FAST) and thoughtful design touches like an interior light that switches off with disuse, and a polite, non-obnoxious &#34;your stuff is done&#34; beep that only goes off a few times before quieting down. It's a great little microwave. Bit tall, but that should be obvious from the pictures.  Update: Died in 2017 after years of faithful service, and I'm going to replace it with the same model. It has a totally unmatched capacity to footprint ratio, and I'm really annoyed that no one else is making microwaves that stack the mechanical bits under or over the food cavity. This is obviously the better way to build a microwave.
I bought the Sharp R-520KS Microwave to replace my old White Westinghouse that stopped working after Thanksgiving.  I did alot of research before I bought this one.  I was worried I wouldn't find a microwave that worked as well as my last one.  The good thing is that I could finally replace my white microwave with stainless steel to match the appliances in my new house.  Now I had an excuse to replace it.  I was looking for a powerful 1200 watt microwave large enough to fit large dishes in, and this one had some of the best reviews, a decent price, and the stainless steel look I wanted.  I also needed a counter top model since I have no under cabinet space to put one.  This microwave works great!  I also like how the control panel doesn't have elevated buttons making it easy to wipe clean with no chance of food or anything getting stuck in the buttons.  It has some nice features like the hot water button (you tell it how many cups to heat), minute plus button, keep warm setting, and many others.  I've probably used the hot water and minute plus features the most.  There are sensor heating buttons, reheat buttons, and defrost buttons, although I haven't had a chance to use them as much yet.  The ones I have used so far work great!  My only minor complaint is the same as everyone else's, the buttons all look the same and the start/minute plus button and stop/cancel button are located in the midst of all the other buttons making it difficult to distinguish them quickly.  Not too much of an issue, but it would have been nice if those features were located on the bottom or the corner of the display and were different than the others.  It wouldn't keep me from purchasing this microwave since everything else is great and I'm sure I'll get used to them soon.  The microwave is also pretty large, so you can fit alot in there.  I've heated a cup of water and a dinner sized plate of food at the same time.  All in all, this microwave works great, looks great, and was reasonablypriced.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a nice looking, powerful, counter top microwave.
I am in a wheelchair.  Cannot stand to reach our over the stove microwave.  Purchased this to place on he counter.  Now I can microwave to my hearts content.  Works great and priced right.  Would recommend it to everyone.
heats great, gets very hot ..
Heats fast. Reliable. Amazing for the price!
He has worked perfectly right out the box. It was simple to set up and easy to use. I've used it to defrost meat, make beverages, bake potatoes etc etc and its been great. Excellent value for money. It lived up to its Consumer Report's Best Buy status
have owned Sharps in past.  this fit perfectly above stove. No alterations, no fuss , Works great. looks great. would recomend
Hard to beat for the price. Bought this for a temporary living situation and couldn't ask for more for the price. As an older person the only improvement would be larger buttons for the start/stop but that would add cost. Cooks fast and is an excellent choice.
Had to replace 5 microwaves in 5 years - 2 GE and 3 Samsung microwaves that cost much more died premature deaths at my house, vacation condo, and GF's house. Bought 2 of these so far and the first outlasted the 5. Hope to have the same luck with this one.
Had this for about a week and so far it's been great; the microwaving powder is quite strong; but the grill plate is too high for some bulkier food, that would be my only complain.
Had this for about 5 years now after a Panasonic NN-H965WF failed within 19 months of being purchased new. No repairs necessary with this Sharp microwave, and the sensor still works great. Use that function and you'll almost never have to worry about underheated food.
Had not heard of this brand. Was a little unsure about purchasing.  Really nice looking and very quiet!  Great value!
Had microwave for about four years and no problems, it was the only one you could<br />see to operate in my center island without getting down on the foor.<br />as for cooking it seems to cook better than my old one with a turntable
Had large amount of rust under rotating plate in GE microwave.  Surface prep is important.  I started out with sandpaper and discovered this was going to take too long due to the amount of rust I had.  I ended up using a 1&#34; metal paint scraper to remove all paint/rust down to base metal in the damaged area, this worked very well.  Then sanded smooth.  Wiped surface clean with rubbing alcohol. Masked off area to be painted.  Ensure adequate ventilation when painting.  I applied mutliple coats.  2 months of usage thus far... looks great, holding up great!
Had it installed for a few weeks now and works fine. It's a microwave. You plug it in. Fan speeds are great. First time ordering an appliance online and so far very happy.
Great!  seems to be holding up just fine.  I sanded and cleaned the area as directed and put on several coats, allowing the paint to dry in between coats. I finished it off with a light sanding using extra fine sand paper. The color is slightly off, but otherwise it looks and feels like new.  I also have plenty left should I need to touch.
Great!
Great value for the money
Great Unit!! We use it in our Semi and it works wonderfully well. Great size and shape for a compact area. I would definately recommend this unit .
great suction not noisy
Great stuff.  Saved me from having to buy new oven.  It's been a year, and it's still good.
great space-saving option if kitchen area is tight.  plenty of power to get small jobs done.  we use it at a small cabin and it really saves a lot space in our small kitchen.
great space saver.
GREAT SMALL SIZE, looks good, fits in a corner and does not take up a lot of apace, and works very well.
Great small size, easy to clean. Amazing price!
Great service, very good for a small and compact microwave. Very reasonable price
Great range and matched my whirlpool stove perfectly.  There was a little dent on the side, but it was not visible once it was installed.  great<br />Buy and if needed in the future, I would purchase this item again.  Works fabulously and is very nice and easy to use.
Great purchase.  The microwave does the job and was a great price.
Great product.  Fits perfectly in the space we have for it and works like a charm.  Sleek and effective!
Great product, really like it, and the price was amazing.<br />I got in time and it was pack well.<br />I would recommend it to others, one caveat let's hope it last a few years.<br />Martha
Great product, looks nice... Exactly what we were looking for. Arrived in great shape two days after we ordered it!
Great product, have owned 4 Sharp Carousel microwaves over the past 30 years or so and they always stand out over other microwaves I have used at friends and families homes. The ease of use and guaranteed result is worth it every time. The microwave is stylish and easy to clean, the design has changed little in the 3 decades because it works and does not need changed. The size as well is perfect for cooking anything microwavable. Having 1200 watts is a huge plus when cooking things like baked potatoes and frozen stuff that on a lesser powered microwave would take longer then posted times, but this oven will do the job in less time more often than not!  It is a stylish powerhouse!
Great product for the money.
Great Product- Fast Shipment
Great product at a good price and easy to install.
Great Product
Great product
great product
Great price, 1000 watts Works perfect
Great price easy to use
Great piece of cooking equipment. All as dedscribed.
Great microwave. It is much more expensive than the typical small microwave but is worth it for something of better quality and at least some elegance of design. Controls are simple and light to the touch. I don't miss having a numeric keypad.
great microwave.  simple and compact.
Great microwave for my home.
great microwave at great price.  i bought one from amazon.com last month for $199.  it arrived in one week.  no shipping charge.  looks great.  works great.  installed easily.  (professionally installed for $65.)  nice clean lines.  easy to operate.  hit the button once for one minute.  hit it again for each additional minute.
Great microwave and very fancy, but it does get hot when you used it. I usually leave it open for a few minutes when I finished using it.
Great little unit. Only big enough for one dinner plate, but does the job well.
Great little microwave. It's the perfect size. It's a little underpowered, so a add 30 secs to most cooking times.<br />Small footprint and looks great in the kitchen.
Great little microwave!
Great item. Works well.
Great item, good price...great quality.
Great item!!! It fits it perfectly. I really enjoyed getting this item. I definitely recommend anyone to purchase this item.
Great item and seller!
Great item !!!!
great for work
Great for the money
Great design.  Compact and efficient.  Easy to use.
Great buy
Great basic little microwave.  It is small, but it has all the basic functions you need.  It heats things very thoroughly and quickly.  Surprised at how much hotter it is than my bigger GE.
Great
Got it sooner thank you
Got it quickly & it works great
Good, cheap microwave!  I was able to tuck this into a cabinet which is great, since I do not like a lot of clutter on the counters.  No complaints!  Works as expected.  For what it is... a 5/5 stars.
Good value for money. Satisfied
Good quality product.  Installed well and works great.  Some reviewers commented on the way the door closes, but I have found it to be just fine.  Hopefully it will last a long time.  I would recommend.  3/2013 Update:  The microwave has worked flawlessly for the past year.  Very pleased with it.  With lots of use and much by teenagers, it has shown to be sturdy and solidly built thus far.  It also cooks very efficiently.  Still happy and would still recommend.
Good product, stainless inside is easy to clean with rounded corners. Designed well.
good Price for good product<br />The price was right and now after some three months of use, I've not had any problems with it
Good paint to touch up the interior of a microwave
Good microwave.
good machine
Good
Good
good
good
Full disclosure, owned the previous model PSA1201RSS for two years. This model has a TSB out for peeling door handles (as one other reviewer wrote). However, their review is not for this improved model. If you have an Advantium oven with the peeling door handle don't just order the handle - replace the whole door. It is a new handle design that addresses the problem. My door was replaced under warranty.<br /><br />Bought a new house, miss our oven so much we're having one installed here. If you're considering one remember this:<br /><br />1) You cannot run it as a microwave with the metal tray and/or racks in - it will dramatically shorten its life<br />2) You cannot run it as an oven without the metal tray at least in - it will dramatically shorten its life.<br />3) You cannot soak the control panel down with soapy water to clean it - you can short it out. You clean it simply by wiping with a microfiber cloth. Done.<br /><br />All three of these points are in the owner's manual - which I'm going to speculate a lot of people don't read. When I sold my last house I purposely put the owner's manual around all the racks outside of the oven and wrote a note to the new owner, &#34;do not use until you read.&#34;<br /><br />OK - rant over - here is the goods.<br /><br />This does almost everything. My fiance and I have used ours for:<br /><br />We have used it for proofing dough, as a warming oven, and we have used it for baking and cooking as a convection oven. It isn't quite a true second oven replacement (read on) but it provides completely even temperatures for baking so things like cookies, cakes, pies, etc. come out perfect every single time.<br /><br />You can program it to come on at a set time, cook for a set period, at a set temperature and then stop.<br /><br />The speed cook function is tremendous. It combines the microwave and halogen oven at the same time. Because the microwave is used at reduced power, you can use the metal tray (not the racks) for speed cook mode.<br /><br />You can bake two large potatoes, crispy skin on the outside (cooking trick, brush with olive oil for crispy skin and sprinkle with Kosher salt on the outside) in 13 minutes. They are fluffy inside, not microwaved &#34;streamed&#34; tasting.<br /><br />You can cook (reheat) frozen foods in 1/3 to 1/2 the time on the package. So frozen taquitos can be booked in 9 minutes instead of 27. You can bake crescent rolls in the can in about 1/2 the time you would in a conventional oven, crispy outside, flaky inside.<br /><br />There are hundreds of pre-programmed cook settings for a wide range of food items and dishes. Whether you're using it as a simple microwave to cook bacon, or you're using the speed cook function to roast meat. Yes, you can even roast in it.<br /><br />The capacity for a microwave is huge, at 1.7 cubic feet, and if you're a family of 2 or 3, you'll probably find yourself using this for most of your baking needs. I rarely used our oven.<br /><br />So what can't it do?<br /><br />Certain food types won't bake well using speed cook or the convection halogen cooking - that is why I say it isn't a perfect stand in for a second oven if you want 100% versatility. It can't broil (the 240 Volt version apparently can). In addition we have found certain vegetables, like whole spaghetti squash, or a whole roasted cauliflower, won't cook properly in the oven. The insides never seem to heat up when used strictly as a conventional convection oven. As a microwave or speed cook no problem.<br /><br />We found this to be a huge time saver - and we just bought this unit for installation in our home.<br /><br />Oh, and on the peeling handles - again that was the previous model. This model has the redesign and does not have that issue.ok mode.<br /><br />You can bake two large potatoes, crispy skin on the outside (cooking trick, brush with olive oil for crispy skin and sprinkle with Kosher salt on the outside) in 13 minutes. They are fluffy inside, not microwaved &#34;streamed&#34; tasting.<br /><br />You can cook (reheat) frozen foods in 1/3 to 1/2 the time on the package. So frozen taquitos can be booked in 9 minutes instead of 27. You can bake crescent rolls in the can in about 1/2 the time you would in a conventional oven, crispy outside, flaky inside.<br /><br />There are hundreds of pre-programmed cook settings for a wide range of food items and dishes. Whether you're using it as a simple microwave to cook bacon, or you're using the speed cook function to roast meat. Yes, you can even roast in it.<br /><br />The capacity for a microwave is huge, at 1.7 cubic feet, and if you're a family of 2 or 3, you'll probably find yourself using this for most of your baking needs. I rarely used our oven.<br /><br />So what can't it do?<br /><br />Certain food types won't bake well using speed cook or the convection halogen cooking - that is why I say it isn't a perfect stand in for a second oven if you want 100% versatility. It can't broil (the 240 Volt version apparently can). In addition we have found certain vegetables, like whole spaghetti squash, or a whole roasted cauliflower, won't cook properly in the oven. The insides never seem to heat up when used strictly as a conventional convection oven. As a microwave or speed cook no problem.<br /><br />We found this to be a huge time saver - and we just bought this unit for installation in our home.<br /><br />Oh, and on the peeling handles - again that was the previous model. This model has the redesign and does not have that issue.
From the moment I took it out of the box, it looked beautiful, fit perfect in my small newly remodeled kitchen and works great! I put some money into my new kitchen with a very nice looking back splash in tile and glass. I did not want my old LARGE white microwave oven taking up one entire wall. I don't use the microwave that much, so this is perfect.  It's not all that powerful but if you are buying something to heat things up or make popcorn AND you want style and beauty - this is it!
For the price you pay, you get what you pay for. It does the job, its a little on the small side, but that is what it is! Happy with what I got, till I can afford a bigger one.
For the price I don't think you can beat this Sharp microwave.  I just wanted a basic microwave that did the job.  I was replacing a countertop micro that was rated at 1200 watts and I was concerned that the rated 950 watts of the Sharp would be inadequate.  My fears were groundless as the Sharp functions every bit as fast the older one.  I like the sleek appearance without a protruding door handle.  They recommend two people to mount this oven, however since I didn't have help available I was able to easily mount it myself with a little thought.  If I were to rate it down for anything it would be that the mounting instructions are confusing in a couple of areas, mainly in the venting info.  All-in-all a good buy.
For some strange reason, my microwave turntable plate just cracked in half.  I didn't have a part number so went by brand and size and found the perfect replacement through an Amazon vendor.  The order was shipped quickly and our microwave is usable again.  We are very happy and would recommend the vendor and product.
fits well on countertop in small space. Works very well warming and re-heating. Works better that other microwave that was much bigger.
Fits very nicely in a corner spot and doesn't take up much room which is nice when you do not have much counterspace
Fits under my cabinet & is pretty quiet.  I've only used it to heat up things & works great.  Takes up only a small amount of countertop.
Fits perfectly in our countertop CORNER.  Fits in the &#34;dead space&#34; there.<br />It's on the small side, but it is perfect for our needs.
fits perfect and works great never thought I would find one that would fit my kitchen in stainless steel look
Fits into my cabinet space perfectly, glass rotating plate does not shift as my other microwave did. A good deal
fits in the corner under upper cabinets perfectly. Only 750 watts, but just fine for reheating left overs, etc.  I like that the &#34;controls&#34; are under the door, so that the turntable sits a little higher.  Also, something sitting in front of the microwave does not have to be moved before opening the microwave, as the door opens a few inches above the counter top.  I have only had the microwave for a month, but no problems at all.  I am very happy with my purchase.
Fits in my studio without taking up to much space. I have no down side to comment on this little microwave. It functions perfectly for what I need it for...which is heating bowls of isomalt for working hot sugar art. Love it!
fits ikea wall cabinets..
Fits beautifully in a corner of my kitchen so much better than a full sized rectangular one ever did.  Because the controls are on the bottom (instead of the side) the door is higher and it easily clears the edge of the sink next to it and, occasionally, drying dishes without having to move anything.<br /><br />Love the sleekness of the look and simplicity of the controls.  Miss the number pad a bit, but knew it didn't have one when I bought it and am quickly adjusting.  Power control and basic instructions on what setting to use have been helpful (couldn't even figure out power setting on previously owned machine!).  Oh and the very short beeps at the end of a cycle are not nearly as annoying as the longer ones on other models I have owned.<br /><br />We typically use for reheating food (single or multiple servings) or beverages and the occasional bowl of popcorn and it heats quite well.  In fact, the popcorn button is the only part I completely dislike, as it is preset for only 1.75 oz bags and cannot be changed.  We gave up preservative laden pre-packaged bags of popcorn years ago in favor of real kernels using a special bowl or paper bag, so the popcorn setting is useless for us.  Have not noticed any difference in heating between this and previous full size model we owned, except that beverages seem to heat faster.  Full sized plates fit and have had no issue with container heights (even my large popcorn bowl fits nicely).<br /><br />Bought the white version online at Home Depot, as their price was actually better than Amazon's and included free delivery as well.  Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a smaller microwave.
Fits a cup of coffee, dinner plate and popcorn. What else do you need? Fits perfect in my cabinet out of site!
Finally a microwave that doesn't beep!!!<br /><br />Included &#34;Crusty Plate&#34; was badly bent.
Fast delivery, great microwave!
Fantastic, love this little bastard.  Saves my counter space and looks great.
Fantastic product. Made microwave look brand new again.  Has a strong odor for the first day.  Dries quick and looks great.
Fantastic microwave. I bought it to replace a PoS GE micro that failed in less than a year. Very powerful, very intelligent settings and very attractive.
Family is so busy with working and kids. When old microwave died right after moving and expecting a baby, money was very tight. My mom saw our needs and purchased this microwave as a surprise . This little thing is just right for our smaller kitchen..it reheat foods fast and works great . Family is very pleased.
Fabulous oven, great price, so easy to use!  Really glad I found this - have the 4.4 cu ft all refrigerator on it's way too!
Extremly satisfied
Excellent! I love the shape and size, perfect for a small kitchen
Excellent!  Easy install. Microwave works like new.
Excellent small microwave!  I recently moved to an apartment which did not have a built-in microwave, but also a kitchen that wasn't that big.  This microwave was perfect for it.  Its footprint is small, however it packs a punch.  All my plates fit it and cooks everything evenly.  The only downside is that when opening or closing the door, the whole microwave sometimes may move as it's not the heaviest out there, but I'm not going to fault it for that, I just simply put my other hand on top of it while opening/closing.
excellent results
Excellent quality. Fixed our $500 microwave. Learned that mfg offer 10 year warranty.
Excellent product. Saved our microwave!
Excellent product. I recommend it
Excellent product and service
Excellent product -- does the job.  I have one in my home, and when an older over-the-stove unit failed in a rental, I immediately ordered another.  A few things are tricky in the install, but were easily and quickly resolved.  Tenants happy, I'm happy.  In this case, the older unit had limited functionality, the Whirlpool has several features new to them that are real benefits.
Excellent price and product (2 day shipping with Amazon Prime - another really good investment!). This has turned out to be a very good buy as a replacement for a Sears Kenmore over the range microwave - which was useless from day one. It fits well, very secure mounts and easy to use template. Oven itself is easy to use, quiet, powerful, excellent venting (in our case out the top - to the roof). Everything has been easy to clean so far (including the buttons and window). I put it in myself - but two person job would have been a better choice. Really like the sensor cooking (so I don't have to figure out how long it will take to burn the rice this time...). Definitely recommend this oven.
Excellent microwave!  We had very limited counter top space and didn't want to take up a lot of that precious space with a full-size microwave oven.  This product fit the bill perfectly.  It's been working great for several months now, no complaints at all!
Excellent microwave and excellent convection oven combined in one compact unit.
Excellent
Exactly what we were looking for. It has been working great for several months now. It was perfect for our very limited space, a microwave box suspended below the cabinet and off the counter. It is quite a nice stainless steel look, complementing other appliances and black granite.
Exactly what we hoped for in every way.<br />After needing to retire our well-loved Advantium, we opted to replace it with a more-basic microwave.<br />After rewiring from 220 (what the Advantium required) to regular ol' 110, we bought this GE microwave-combo<br />and had it installed. What separates this unit from other combination models? Well, for one...<br />We can use the timer AND the microwave at the same time; Something we kind of took for granted<br />in having had the Advantium for so many years.No other microwave seems to have this stupidly-basic<br />feature, something we learned the hard way by initially purchasing a top-rated Sanyo unit.<br />(And they questioned US when we kvetched about the timer/use of microwave conflict, insisting we were<br />asking for too much; Right...)<br />Back to this GE: Stainless steel interior is wickedly-easy to clean, the 'beep' tone isn't obnoxious, and the heating<br />element cooks evenly.<br />Just perfect in all ways; Can't say more about it.<br />Thanks!
Exactly what I wanted.
Exactly what I wanted! It's the perfect fit. Works just fine... Bye bye bulky hand me down... I'm handing you down, lol
Exact device needed to solve my GE microwave problem. My wife is happy now ... so I can be happy too!
Everything we wanted in a microwave.  All black looks better than just black face.  Has the 30-second add-on feature which we both like.  Slides around, but that can be remedied with non-slip material.  Has a nice &#34;lip&#34; at bottom so can be clasped while pressing buttons or starting which prevents slipping in the first place.  Great price for product--but time will tell for sure.
Everything was perfect!
Everything is great!!! Just a warning!!!! Double check the template used for the upper cabinet. Actually check it against the unit. In my case I replaced an older Maytag, so I had two existing holes in my cabinet. Then added two more because of the template only to fine that they do not line up!!!!!! I superimposed the template over the unit and sure enough the holes did not line up!!! So I did not make a mistake!!!! The Template was off. No real big deal but now I have six holes.<br /><br />Double check the holes!!! Unit is great!! Previous unit did not vent out of the house. This one I installed a vent to the outside through the back and it has a really powerful motor. This Microwave gives you three options,Vent back,vent from the top or recirculate. I do not reccomend recirculating!!!! If you can vent this unit or any unit always vent!!!! I had some major issues venting this unit because of structural issues, like wires that I had to reroute etc but I knew that when it was over I would be smiling and I am!!!! For the price this unit works as good as any for much more money and the VENT is the Greatest!!!!!
Everything is good so far. The price was low and I didn't know the brand. But took a chance. I have had no problmns.
Everything as expected. Installed the magnetron and diode by following videos on YouTube and everything is now working again.
Everyone who visits my apartment always comments on how cool my microwave looks.  This powerful machine is perfect for the typical Manhattan kitchen.  If you are looking for a stylish, functional and space saving microwave - then buy this one!
Even though it's a GE magnetron, it solved my Frigidaire model PLMV168CC1 over- the-range microwave no-heating problem. Saved us of having to buy a new microwave. Happy outcome!!!
effiient spacious easy quiet fast doe what it supposed to do I purchased this for my office and am more than glad i did
Easy to use and doesn't take up alot of counter space. Also sits higher so it is easy to clean. A little shorter in height inside but it is just used for heating up food, not cooking a ham or turkey in it.
easy to install.looks great.
Easy to install, user friendly instructions.  Came in good condition.  Manual very easy to understand and use micro/oven.  Cooks in 1/2 the time when using fast back.  Really good product.
Easy install, no video or instructions required. If you can get out to see where it is, you can get to it and install it. Unit is running fine with no issues.
Easily installed it is both attractive and operates easily
Earlier Sharp microwaves have been great, but this model beats the others we've had in features and speed--and this newer model cost a lot less. We haven't yet used all the features this microwave affords, but  we know we're going to be saving a lot of cooking time
e z fix fit perfectly, worked great
during the kitchen remodel we decided to install a commercial type exhaust fan and eliminated the typical microwave location about the stove.  This thing is cool, push a button and the drawer opens, drop in your food, push another button and the drawer closes.
Didn't use it long so I can't attest to that but for the price it is extremely good looking and feels like a quality build. Just know it's small - you will not be nuking turkeys in this - and it's not super high wattage so it may take a bit longer. So if you must have your canned soup in 2-1/2 minutes and not 3 then this won't work.
Did the job. Great coverage. Made the inside of the microwave look almost brand new. Very satisfied.  Would purchase again
Despite the high percentage of negative reviews here, I recently bought this unit to replace a very similar Frigidaire unit which developed a &#34;fatal&#34; magnetron  failure after 10 years of heavy use. I can't understand all of the bad reviews regarding the &#34;beeps&#34; and user interface, possibly because they don't seem odd to me. (You can always turn it off just before the beep if it annoys you.)<br /><br />Of course, I will be as unhappy as some of the other reviewers if it fails quickly, but after such a good experience with our previous one I decided to take the chance. It also gets much better reviews a lot of other places with a much larger &#34;sample&#34; of reviewers. So far we love it as much as it's predecessor, but I'll report back if it conks out quickly.
DESCRIPTION<br />&#62; Can be mounted in a 24&#34; wide X 12&#34; deep space.  Not intended to be installed above a range (standard ranges are 30&#34; wide), does not include a built-in hood for use above a range.<br />&#62; Has the great simple operation of previous Spacemakers: for example to heat a cup of coffee 1 minute, place it in the microwave and press &#34;1&#34;.  That's all.<br />&#62; Well built, albeit with more plastic and less metal than my old Spacemaker II.<br />&#62; Quieter than my old Spacemaker II--although that's no big deal.<br />&#62; The turntable is a nice addition (my old Spacemaker II did not have a turntable), but reduces the total space available (unless you turn the turntable off).<br />&#62; Has all of the controls and options of my old Spacemaker II:<br />...Plus popcorn, &#34;beverage&#34;, &#34;reheat&#34;, &#34;chicken/fish&#34;, &#34;potato&#34;, and &#34;vegetable&#34; buttons (which I probably won't use because I like to know what the microwave is doing).<br />...Other new buttons are &#34;delay start&#34;, &#34;reminder&#34;, &#34;turntable on/off&#34;, and &#34;add 30 sec&#34;.  The &#34;add 30 sec&#34; works on its own, you can press it and get just 30 seconds OR add 30 seconds to any time.  30 seconds is ideal for warming a cup of coffee, or heating some pastries.<br />...There is a child lockout, but without a dedicated button.<br /><br />UNDERCOUNTER INSTALLATION<br />&#62; The microwave itself comes with a paper template for drilling the necessary holes, but the template can be confusing and may not apply in all cases.<br />&#62; The microwave hangs from four ~1 1/4&#34;-long machine screws, which are inserted from above, from inside the cabinet above.  If the floor of the cabinet is greater than 1/2&#34; thick, then the length of the screws needs to be equal to the thickness of the floor plus 1/2&#34;.<br />&#62; Hypothetically, you could install the microwave with the four screws from your local hardware store, and 4 big washers (e.g., 2&#34; in diameter).  However the installation kit is probably easier.<br />&#62; If you use the template, double check the logic, and adjust the location of the screw holes accordingly.<br />... The key measurement is the distance from the front holes to the front of the cabinet. You usually want the front of the microwave to be flush with the front of the closed doors of the cabinet.  (That is, the front holes should be approximately 3 1/4&#34; back from the front of the closed doors).<br />... The door of the microwave needs an extra 1/8&#34; on the left in order to open fully, and the grill for the ventilation fan is on the left side of the microwave.  If there is an obstruction on the left side (such as wall, cabinet, or refrigerator), you may wish to shift the holes 1/4&#34; to the right, if you can.<br /><br />UNDERCOUNTER INSTALLATION KIT<br />&#62; If this is an new undercounter installation, or the space between the front and back screw holes (inside the cabinet above the microwave) is not ~6 1/4&#34;, then you need GE part #WX4-A019 [[ASIN:B001H815TO GE Part Number WX4-A019 UNDER CAB MT]].  If you are replacing a Spacemaker with a distance of ~6 1/4&#34; between the front and back holes, then you probably do NOT need an installation kit.<br /><br />IF YOU ARE REPLACING AN OLD SPACEMAKER II (for which the spacing between the front and rear screw holes is ~7 3/4&#34;)...<br />&#62; I purchased this Profile Spacemaker to replace a 23-year old Spacemaker II.  But neither the holes, backing plate, nor the screws were the same.<br />&#62; The spacing from the cabinet front to the forward screw holes is almost the same for my old Spacemaker II and this new Profile Spacemaker.<br />&#62; The lateral spacing (side-to-side) between the screw holes is the same 19 15/32&#34; for my old Spacemaker II and this new Profile Spacemaker.<br />&#62; But the spacing between the front and rear holes is NOT the same (the new spacing is 6 1/4&#34;).<br />&#62;So, if the holes in your cabinet are for the old Spacemaker II, then you need only drill new rear holes in your cabinet for this Profile Spacemaker.  Draw a line on the cabinet between the centers of the existing front and back holes, measure 6 1/4&#34; back from the center of the front hole, and drill the new hole there.<br />&#62; The screws seem to be very similar, but a slightly different diameter or pitch (perhaps they are metric). Hypothetically, you could drill new holes in the old backing plate (or use washers instead of the backing plate), and find screws the right size and length, but I decided to purchase the new kit instead.<br /><br />BEFORE YOU REPLACE A DEAD MICROWAVE OVEN ...<br />&#62; My old Spacemaker II died three times over 23 years as the result of power surges (lightning).  I accidentally learned that the trick is to unplug the microwave overnight for the electronics to reset.  I've had the same experience with several other appliances.<br />&#62; Even refrigerators and clothes driers have built-in computers these days.  If any electric appliance is not working properly, unplug it, and leave it unplugged a while.  For some reason (perhaps large capacitors in the circuit) big appliances usually need hours to reset.<br /><br />RELIABILITY<br />If my experience with my old Spacemaker II is any indication, this Profile Spacemaker should be very reliable.  Although resurrected 3 times over 23 years, my old Spacemaker was still working when I &#34;took it out of service&#34;.  After 23 years of daily use, some of the white finish was turning yellow, there were patches of rust inside, and the door switch (which turns the light on and off) was erratic.<br /><br />IF YOUR OLD SPACEMAKER HAD A TRAY INSTEAD OF A TURNTABLE, keep the tray from your old microwave.<br />&#62; The tray will fit in your new Profile Spacemaker.  The tray will catch spills and protect the bottom of the microwave from abrasion and burnt-on spills (which may promote rust in the future).<br />&#62; I use the glass tray when I'm using a large rectangular casserole, or many small containers.  I often warm two 12&#34; diameter full plates of food---I use a small glass storage container as a spacer so that the plates can overlap.<br />&#62; If you use the tray, lift out the glass turntable and rollers and turn off the turntable drive, then place the glass tray in the bottom.<br /><br />GENERAL HINTS ON MICROWAVE COOKING<br />It is largely steam created by the microwaves which does the cooking, so the key to cooking many items (especially vegies) is to generate and hold that steam.<br />&#62; If you are warming bread, wrap it in a towel.  It is astounding how effective a single layer of paper towel can be.  If the bread is rock hard, slightly dampen the towel, and use half-power--the warm bread will be soft and fresh.  Heat only briefly and/or at reduced power.<br />&#62; You can even bake potatoes or roast ears of corn-on-the-cob in a microwave, if you wrap them in a damp cloth towel.<br />&#62; Rinse vegetables before you cook them---that washes off any pesticides etc., and the extra water will produce extra steam.  If the vegies are dehydrated after long storage, you may want to soak them a few hours ahead to time to re-hydrate them.<br />&#62; It is usually best NOT to boil vegies in a container of water in a microwave, because the excess formation of steam LOWERS the cooking temperature.  Your goal should be to create a little steam, contain it, and superheat it.  (This is the same principle as a pressure cooker).<br />&#62; Stir some oil (e.g., olive) oil with cut vegetables---a coating of oil will help hold the steam inside the individual pieces of vegetable.<br />&#62; A selection of glass casseroles of a range of sizes with glass lids can be essential for microwave cooking.  The goal is that the vegies fill the container and the container is covered with a lid---so that the steam is concentrated.  [[ASIN:B001HZY9CM Anchor Hocking 3 PieceCasserole Glass Bakeware Set with Bonus 2 Piece Kitchen Tool Set]]<br />&#62; If you don't have a glass casserole the right size, you can often use a glass or ceramic bowl, and use a saucer or small plate as a lid.<br />&#62; Heating plastic may cause it to de-gas toxic compounds---if you plan to heat left-overs in your microwave, it is best to use glass storage containers [[ASIN:B0000CFTB0 Pyrex 6022369 Storage 14-Piece Round Set, Clear with Blue Lids]].  But don't use the plastic lids in the microwave.<br /><br />&#62; Click on toney?just below the product title to see my other reviews, or leave a comment to ask a question.e container as a spacer so that the plates can overlap. &#62; If you use the tray, lift out the glass turntable and rollers and turn off the turntable drive, then place the glass tray in the bottom.  GENERAL HINTS ON MICROWAVE COOKING It is largely steam created by the microwaves which does the cooking, so the key to cooking many items (especially vegies) is to generate and hold that steam. &#62; If you are warming bread, wrap it in a towel.  It is astounding how effective a single layer of paper towel can be.  If the bread is rock hard, slightly dampen the towel, and use half-power--the warm bread will be soft and fresh.  Heat only briefly and/or at reduced power. &#62; You can even bake potatoes or roast ears of corn-on-the-cob in a microwave, if you wrap them in a damp cloth towel. &#62; Rinse vegetables before you cook them---that washes off any pesticides etc., and the extra water will produce extra steam.  If the vegies are dehydrated after long storage, you may want to soak them a few hours ahead to time to re-hydrate them. &#62; It is usually best NOT to boil vegies in a container of water in a microwave, because the excess formation of steam LOWERS the cooking temperature.  Your goal should be to create a little steam, contain it, and superheat it.  (This is the same principle as a pressure cooker). &#62; Stir some oil (e.g., olive) oil with cut vegetables---a coating of oil will help hold the steam inside the individual pieces of vegetable. &#62; A selection of glass casseroles of a range of sizes with glass lids can be essential for microwave cooking.  The goal is that the vegies fill the container and the container is covered with a lid---so that the steam is concentrated.  [[ASIN:B001HZY9CM Anchor Hocking 3 Piece Casserole Glass Bakeware Set with Bonus 2 Piece Kitchen Tool Set]] &#62; If you don't have a glass casserole the right size, you can often use a glass or ceramic bowl, and use a saucer or small plate as a lid. &#62; Heating plastic may cause itto de-gas toxic compounds---if you plan to heat left-overs in your microwave, it is best to use glass storage containers [[ASIN:B0000CFTB0 Pyrex 6022369 Storage 14-Piece Round Set, Clear with Blue Lids]].  But don't use the plastic lids in the microwave.  &#62; Click on toney?just below the product title to see my other reviews, or leave a comment to ask a question.
Delivery was on time the microwave look great more better then the picture and very good size very happy with this microwave
Delivered in 2 days, a day ahead than promised. Good product, many features and easy to use.
Decent size and good finishing. Works great!
Creates a perfect custom look.
Could not have asked for anything better. The price was so cheap and the microwave works very well.<br /><br />The door is kind of hard to open. When I open it with one hand, I tend to push the machine a little.<br /><br />No issues with heating and seems to work well.<br /><br />The sound is kind of loud..but it is a microwave.
Compact, stylish and very efficient. Wish it was all stainless steel.
Color matched great, easy repair.
Chosen for it's size, this microwave is pretty perfect for us. We use it for simple warm ups and reheating. It works great.<br /><br />It is surprisingly very heavy. Arrived very well packaged.<br /><br />I love how it sits back in the corner of the counter with the curved back.
Came in on time. Had no issues
Bought this for a small kitchen, it fits nicely in the corner and works great. Seems to be well-made. Although it is lower wattage, I have not had to significantly increase the cooking time, and I can fit a plate or even cook/reheat in a round 2qt dish. The beep is a little loud but otherwise no complaints.
Bought this cutie for the outdoor kitchen in my RV.  I had limited space to work with so this was the perfect choice for me.  The unit sits in one corner of the outdooor kitchen counter leaving me enough room to add a hot plate as well.<br /><br />Great item at a great price.  Enough power to handle all routoine microwave tasks.
Bought this at Christmas time to replace a GE Conv/Micro that cost $1200. This is the slickest microwave you could imagine. Works great and heats faster than the old GE; that cost 5 times more. If you want a SS Microwave, to go over your stove, and dont want to break the bank, I couldnt say enough about this one. It works flawlessly, and performs with the best of them.<br />With that said, I was very disapointed with the limited manual that comes with it, and owned it for a month, before I realized that that 99% of the info, that I was looking for, is on a label INSIDE THE DOOR JAM ?????????????????? There is NO MENTION of that fact in the manual; And all the codes, and info, I was searching for is printed right there on the bottom of the door jam; IF you know where to look for it!! So in closing this is a run to buy it purchase; and you will not be disapointed in the unit in anyway . Read all the codes inside the doorjam on the bottom and life will be good for you !!!!<br />Excellent plus on this unit.
big enough for me, easy to use controls, great price
Big enough for a plate of food.  Works great! Doesn't take up the whole counter.
Better than what's available at Sears, works great, easy installation (I didn't like the black center as it doesn't match our kitchen, but for the price I'm living with it...)
Before this microwave found its place on my counter this week, I hadn't known how much I would love it!  It heats food quickly, is easy to use (once you review the manual), and can serve the same functions a microwave and toaster oven do.<br /><br />What makes this microwave different...<br />+ It has many possibilities.<br />+ Pizza is crispy on the bottom (when reheated) even on the microwave setting!<br />+ It can be simple, or you can dive into all the stuff it can do!<br />+ The size is comparable to our old 1.1 cu ft microwave, yet it can do more.<br />+ The colors are awesome!  The stainless is only on the front (which makes for less to clean) and the gray top and sides are not stainless---so they will keep cleaner.<br />+ The dials and quick microwave settings are smart.  To reheat something for 30 seconds, just press the button on the bottom right (once for 30 seconds, twice for a minute, etc.).  Or, press the microwave button, turn the dial to the time you'd like (backwards or forwards) and then press the start button.<br />+ The clock setting is easy to set.<br />+ The convection oven works for settings up to 400 degrees.  Preheat the oven first, and then select the convection oven.  You'll need to read the directions in the manual first, but then it's easy to navigate from there on out.<br />+ The oven includes a crispy plate, two wire racks (that worked great on the convection setting), a glass plate and ring.  I baked some cheese onto the plate while using the convection setting and it cleaned up super easy.<br /><br />What may concern you...<br />-  The microwave does need to be on a sufficiently powered circuit (not on a power cord).  It does not have a long cord, so you need to be able to place it right in front of the outlet you are going to use or close to it.<br />-  Don't use plastic plates that are not microwave safe.  One review for this microwave was mistaken--they said you couldn't use plastic in it.  Not true.  You just have to use microwave safe materials.  There's a thorough and easy to reference list in the manual (which is located inside the microwave oven when you unpack it).<br />- The oven does have a heating element on the top because it is a convection oven, so you will want to make sure you have a microwave safe plastic cover that you can use when you are microwaving.  Otherwise, it's going to be a pain to clean it up.<br /><br />Other matters to address...<br />It's always interesting to read other people's reviews.  One reviewer didn't like the manual, because a cookbook wasn't included.  Honestly, I've gotten so many cookbooks over the years with appliances and I've never used them.  The manual for this oven seems small, but it is packed with all the essential information you'll need to use it--and more.  No recipes, but all the guidelines for cooking vegetables, reheating foods, etc.  I don't cook in my microwave oven normally.  I did bake spinach artichoke dip in this oven, though, on 375 degrees for 30 minutes and it came out perfectly!<br /><br />Another reviewer lamented the lack of a timer on this microwave oven.  That's not true actually.  If you use the microwave function, the time counts down normally.  If you use the convection setting, you have to select how long you want the oven to cook for and then it will turn off automatically when it is done.  If you find you need a few extra minutes, it's very easy to turn it right back on.  To use the convection oven, you do need to preheat the oven first, but that's not a problem.  One feature that was awesome was that when I took my dish out of the oven to stir it, the oven did not start cooking again until I pressed the start button (so the time didn't keep going either).  Most people I know use the timers on their ovens or use a stand alone timer that they can take with them into another room if needed or move to where they will hear it when it goes off.<br /><br />All in all, I'm very pleased with this microwave.  It covers the basics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.ics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.
Beautiful!!!!!
Awesome!
awesome replacement. great quality with bells and whistles
awesome product and delivery. microwave looks spanking new now. you cant find this product in stores lord only knows i hope i wont be diagnosed cancer in a couple of years as.  result.
Awesome microwave, seems much expensive than i paid for it!
As far as microwave cookers go, this beats everything else because it includes a toaster grill. I really prefer using the toaster grill rather than the microwave even if it takes much longer to cook... so it's perfect for me. This unit looks really slick and it's so easy to use. Very intuitive. It's about twice the price of other units but this is a high quality Samsung product. I love it.<br /><br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
As described. A great little microwave for the price!
As described by Phil, it is very easy to install.  A tip, as you cut the 4 small taps to get to the motor, put a small tool or wire in the door hole to keep in from falling inside the unit.  After you install the new motor, flip the door you cut out over, and the tab neatly fits the loop and the small screw hole lines up.  Use a small screw to attach the cut out door and it will be sealed from dust and dirt, as well as easily accessible if you ever need to open again.
as described
As all the other reviews have said, the footprint of this microwave is fantastic. I can't believe other companies have not copied the shape of this microwave. I now have so much more room on my counter.<br />The only quirk that takes a little getting used to is not having number keys to punch in the time. The start button adds thirty seconds every time it's hit or you can add the + key to get a more accurate time. I always use my microwave for quick reheating so it's not a big deal to me. Worth getting used to for the extra space gained. Plus, it microwaves as quickly as its replacement even though the wattage is less.
As advertised.  Easy to replace, Not really much more to say, bought a replacement part and it worked. Saved the money for a new microwave.
As Advertised
As a vertically-challenged individual, I was looking forward to getting a countertop microwave when we remodelled our kitchen.  However, I was not looking forward to giving up the multiple functions offered by my larger, over-the-stove microwave.  Additionally, I did not want to give up my useable counter space which I would have to do with the standard 18 inch or more deep countertop microwaves.  I also wanted enough space left on the counter so that, if necessary, when removing something from the microwave, I could sit the container on the counter immediately in front of the microwave.  I had a small 24 inch wide by 14 inch deep nook available between my refrigerator and the corner appliance garage, but was certain I would not find a suitable microwave to fit.  Since we were not replacing cabinets, I had to work with the available spaces.<br /><br />To my surprise, the GE Profile Spacemaker II was the exact size of the nook!  Although there were many negative reviews of the product, I decided to take a chance on this microwave and purchased one at Best Buy.  Through an abundance of caution, I also purchased an additional 4 year warranty so that if I experience any of the problems others have encountered, I will be able to have the Spacemaker II repaired or replaced.  As the extended warranty was only a little more than a service call would cost, I felt it was worth the expenditure.<br /><br />So far, I am very pleased with the GE Profile Spacemaker II microwave.  My spouse and I do not cook meals in our microwave, but do reheat beverages; cook frozen vegetables and veggie burgers; and, occasionally, defrost meat.  The Spacemaker performs these functions admirably!  Although it takes about 30% more time to heat/cook things than my 1100 watt microwave, this has not been a problem.  Further, I like this model better for defrosting as it does not start cooking the meat like the more powerful models do.  The control panel buttons are very responsive.  I have cracked other microwave's button surfaces because of the difficulty in getting them to respond to my touch.  I do not foresee this occuring with the Spacemaker II.<br /><br />In the past, I have allowed bread to raise inside my microwave.  I found this allowed me to leave the bowl or pan uncovered as there is no air flow inside the microwave, and the temperature remains consistent.  The Spacemaker's interior is large enough for me to continue using the microwave in which to raise bread.<br /><br />Because I keep this microwave on my counter, I keep a plastic glass of water in it to prevent accidentally starting it empty and possibly ruining the magnatron.<br /><br />Further, I would caution those who are looking for a compact microwave for an elderly individual who may be confused by having to choose among multiple function buttons.  The GE Profile Spacemaker II has a control panel that can be confusing as it has 29 separate buttons from which to choose.  Thus, it might not be the best choice for individuals.<br /><br />For me, the GE Profile Spacemaker II is the ideal microwave and I am giving it a five-star rating.  If things change, I will update my review accordingly.s button surfaces because of the difficulty in getting them to respond to my touch.  I do not foresee this occuring with the Spacemaker II.    In the past, I have allowed bread to raise inside my microwave.  I found this allowed me to leave the bowl or pan uncovered as there is no air flow inside the microwave, and the temperature remains consistent.  The Spacemaker's interior is large enough for me to continue using the microwave in which to raise bread.    Because I keep this microwave on my counter, I keep a plastic glass of water in it to prevent accidentally starting it empty and possibly ruining the magnatron.    Further, I would caution those who are looking for a compact microwave for an elderly individual who may be confused by having to choose among multiple function buttons.  The GE Profile Spacemaker II has a control panel that can be confusing as it has 29 separate buttons from which to choose.  Thus, it might not be the best choice for individuals.    For me, the GE Profile Spacemaker II is the ideal microwave and I am giving it a five-star rating.  If things change, I will update my review accordingly.
Arrived in well conditon, good quality product
Arrived in two days instead of the week as reported, this was a great plus. It fit into the same spot as old Sharp, another plus. The mounting brackets were in a different location & constructed less sturdy than the old ones. The medal was cheaply made & much thinner. Overall I am happy with purchase.
am very happy with  this
Although the add listed the unit as &#34;used&#34; it was in fact brand new and I am thrilled to my socks!!!!! It is installed in our Motorhome and works like a charm! Thank you,thank you,Thank you!
Although only .5 it holds a nice size dish.  I love that the controls are at the bottom. Counter space is limited so this is peer.  Would be great in a dorm room too
After two brand-new microwaves which became prematurely aged, paint peeling, dysfunctional I decided this must be a game that I had not grokked. When we looked for a microwave we did not look on the basis of price, being believers, you get what you pay for. This machine, and it is a machine made by man work flawslessly, and has a baked enamel, one piece interior which looks like it will outlast all the microwaves in my future. I will watch and report..two months and counting...
After too much research, I settled on this terrific microwave.  Every brand of microwave seems to have a malfunction-no help horror story. So in the end, if you chance having a microwave at all, this one seems better than most, if not all.  It works splendidly without any problem with noise or mechanical parts. My experience with Sharp Carousels has been 5 stars.  At home and work they have been dependable, efficient, good looking, and inexpensive.  Both the 2.0 and 1.4 cubic foot Carousels are commodious enough for large casseroles. When I designed my kitchen twenty years ago, I made two below-counter cabinet spaces to tuck in a medium and a large countertop microwave. I bought Carousels and have used them simultaneously almost daily.  They have been great workhorses.  The smaller one lost some of the digital display to no effect a few months ago, then made nasty little arcing noises last week and promptly was sent out to pasture. Last year I bought new stainless steel appliances (including Bosch dual fuel slide-in range-- the dream machine), and so I chose the stainless steel Sharp R-408LS Carousel 1.4 cubic foot/1100-W with a 14 inch turntable from BJ's ($99) as a replacement. The match with the other appliances was so good that I replaced the 2 cubic foot/1200-W with Sharp's R-520KS microwave as well. The display pads are lightly different, but better than losing size in the 1.4 cu. ft.  The Carousels match the Bosch oven door design remarkably, including the rounded window corners.  My kitchen looks better than when it was totally new with this addition. Knowing that these two new appliances are untried in the long term, I can only say they are 5+ stars as week-old additions to my kitchen. The microwaves do everything I want powerfully and quickly. The cost, especially with Amazon Prime shipping, closed the deal.
After several months of use I'm happy to report it's still running strong. It heats food evenly with cold areas and is large enough to fit just about everything I cook. The sleek design and color also look nice in my kitchen.
after reading either terrible or &#34;hit and miss&#34; reviews of other small footprint microwaves with &#34;handle doors&#34; rather than &#34;push button&#34; I came across this from Whirlpool..It had GREAT reviews so I tried it for our new granite countertop (didn't want to use up much space)... it is PERFECT!!
After owning a previous Sharp microwave/convection oven I bought this one.  Installed 5 years ago and still just as pleased as the day it was installed.  Excellent even microwave and oven performance.  Highly recommend this product.
After our old Microwave died we started searching the market online and in stores.  I purchased Consumer Reports for microwaves and then searched for them on Amazon to read the customer reviews.  The top ten rated had horrible customer reviews.  So then decided to search from the bottom of the list up, and this is when I found our next microwave.  Loud was the only beef with this microwave.  Now in our house loud with all our kids is nothing compared to a microwave.  Basically if your trying to sleep near by this microwave then maybe it would seem loud.  But the 1200 watts cooks everything super fast, even heat with the turning tray is awesome!  This is used several times a day and after a month no complaints!
After installing a new double oven to replace a single with a microwave combo I was left in need of a countertop microwave. It had to be small so as not to take up counterspace and I needed blue display lights to match all of my other appliances' light displays (things like that annoy me). Black or silver...all my appliances are stainless and my granite is black. This is perfect. Fits in the corner and easy to use. Looks like an odd little tv...which I like since I like quirky looking things that do their job. I boght several other microwaves these past few weeks- pure stainless...blck...larger...even the nostalgia retro one...all went back...this one is perfect. I don't do major cooking in a microwave and if takes a few seconds longer, well, it really does not matter as we are all in too big of a rush anyway:)
After following the instructions it fixed my rusty microwave oven. I'm happy I had found this product. Now I don't have to pay a costly repair bill.
Absolutely love it! Takes up very little counter space - large inside, great height, would highly recommend. Purchesed for a cleaner counter look and that is exactly what i have. Many compliments from guests; everyone wants to know where they can order one.
Absolutely fine.<br />Actually, I recommended it to a friend.  It was the right size for her.<br />She ordered and received from you.  Fits perfectly for her too.<br />I like the handle on the door.  Makes it easier.
A very nice product! I especially like the night light.
A very compact, beautiful and sleek microwave.  Saves a on counter space and will accommodate a full size dinner plate.
A similar model that we got when we bought our home 6 years ago died and we needed the exact sized model to replace it because the old model was built into a non-adjustable shelve/frame above the counter top.  Searched websites and found what I wanted.  then searched Amazon and found one with the best price (@ Abe's of Maine)!  Quick delivery and the packaging/crating was extraordinary.  Would buy product again, and would buy from Abe's of Maine again!
A little smaller than I anticipated, but still great!! I should've just read the dimensions better
A good, small, functional, no-frills oven.
5 star very happy with it
3yrs and counting. So far so good!
2 months & no problems!
[[ASIN:B002X7669C GE JES0736SPSS Stainless Steel Countertop Microwave Oven]  Quick review: Totally satisfied after 8 months of moderate use. Excellent value.    My wife and I looked at every small (-1 cubic ft) microwave at all prices before choosing this one. We have a very small kitchen in our condo and counter space is at a premium. We've had this unit for 8 months and it has performed flawlessly with daily moderate use. We use it mostly for baked potatoes, leftovers, popcorn, defrosting, etc, so we haven't subjected it to heavy use. Although it's only 700 watts, it gets the job done in a reasonable amount of time (2 medium potatoes in 9 minutes). The black/stainless steel casing and classic styling appealled to us also. Our dinner plates fit on the turntable with just a little room to spare.    At this point, I don't think we could be more satisfied with our purchase ($69.95 at Lowes), especially since we considered models 3X the price. Our previous microwave was a space-hogging Montgomery Ward monster we got as a wedding present 25 years ago (thank Gods it finally died) We'll see how this diminutive new GE holds up. I will update this review if we have any issues with it as time goes by.