bad
nice
eep!
useless
Overpriced
crap broke
not working
do not stick
very very bad
Not impressed
love them!!!!
does not stick
None available.
hurts your back
None available.
None available.
None available.
None available.
None available.
None available.
None available.
Never accurate.
None available.
None available.
don't like them
None available.
not very useful
None available.
None available.
None available.
None available.
Don't close well
not what i wanted
broke in 2 weeks.
didn't work at all
too harsh for baby
recall, so returned
it keeps coming off
the color was wrong!
Dirty and unwrapped!
Not worth the money.
It bothers the child
leaks after 3 months
does not help one bit
my douther hate that...
these were way to small
grated product defective
you get what you pay for
the money is not returned
do not buy is please don't
Can buy cheaper at walmart
it's to much work to clean
My daughter didn't like it
I have received the item...
Our baby does not accept it
Made the wipes smell mildewy
My babies didn't like these.
It was too large for our son.
My babies did not like these.
not steady very cheap quality
was too small for bassinet pad
Too expensive for this quality
it didnt cover my pack and play
these broke almost immediately.
it leaves marks on baby's cheek
broke within a week of purchase.
missing brush and couple nipples
i can't see my baby when i use it
not real item锛宻hipping is too slow
these nipples leaked pretty badly.
Binkie ripped off ducky in 3 days.
It's never arrived.I am very angry
it does not work. i am returing it,
way too small but extremely soft :(
arrived promptly and was very cute.
wasn't as it is shown in the picture
Sadly my baby didn't like this paci.
it's just a acceptable built product.
Not the print as shown on the picture
annoying and loud. same as a dog toy.
Sadly, my baby did not like this paci
Leaves red mark on my daughter's face.
Too heavy to keep in grandson's mouth.
terrible. constantly shows out of range.
My daughter hated it she wouldnt take it.
Picked boys colors and was sent pink ones
Pacifier is made of really hard material.
Worst! Dont buy. The plastic is too hard!
these tear up your doors. don't buy them.
Baby would not take because of the shape.
love these but one pacifier has hole in it
too big and bulky which makes it cumbersome
too big and bulky which makes it cumbersome
Only came with two but overall I liked them
its not the same color it came in red color
Didn't come with the pacifiers as indicated.
I do not get completely miss article bpa free
why on earth are these made from terry cloth?
the stuff animal fell off with in first week.
do not buy this for your child! it isn't safe.
There's a dolphin picture on the redskins label
very poor quality. broke immediately after use.
Looked way too big for my LO, he never used it.
these cups are not spill proof.<br />try playtex
broke during 1st nap time use. very dissapionted
zero stars....didnt work, total bummer don't buy.
it doesn't stick to my shower a waste of my money
Does not look like the one shown! Not cute at all!
Both tires blew after only using them a few times!
Pacifier would not stay attached to stuffed animal
These pacifiers are to small for the age indicated
terrible! stopped working after less than a month!
taste awful gags me and makes me want to throw up.
These were suppose to be scented and they were not.
Pacifiers were not clear as pictures and described.
not detachable.  how am i suppose to sanitize this?
Baby wouldn't take it because of the smell and shape
Constantly fall out the babies mouth horrible design
junky little stuffed toy.  cannot detach the pacifier
i loved this pattern but instead i got blue elephants.
This isn't the real WubbaNub.  Don't waste your money.
Too long for even a 2 month old, he's choking on it :(
Came late and baby won't suck on it, the end is to big
I've retouned.... because the screan did not work well
Baby wouldn't take it at all, square tip seems strange.
Snaps broke first time I used it.  Would not recommend.
It's been months and I still haven't recieved my product!
My baby hates this.  Never used it.  Total waste of money
Blue ones arrived. I wanted the ones for my grand daughter
The thermometer no mater what pack it comes in NEVER WORKS.
Very disappointing. Do NOT glow in the dark. Waste of money.
The rubber part is hard as a rock and my baby never liked it
I ordered a package of 4 pacis and received 2.  Not pleased.
the spring got stuck after just 2 months.  terrible quality.
giant, way too big. sizing is way off. needed to be returned.
you get what you pay for. this barely stayed on my toddler...
The nipple is too small for the baby to keep it in his mouth.
i had to glue some of the baby sign back n hook baby back too,
I expected something else but ended up with this. Disappointed
i ordered the fast flow nipples but received the slow nipples.
There is no curve for the teeth. It's just one straight nipple
did not work for me. wrinkles and peeling and pain in the neck
This is way to big for an infants mouth. Not a very good grasp.
I have ordered for babies 6-12 month old but actually got 0-6 (((
it pills after only a couple washes. disappointed in the quality.
Flimsy hook kept coming off everything and bending. Threw it away.
sometimes they work sometimes they don't. so, no they aren't good.
Does not fit the MAM brand good. Uncomfortable for my baby to use.
These are not silicon like the ones sold in stores! They are latex!
babies can hit their heads on the door frames and injure themselves.
My baby is 6 months and it is too big for her face. It hits her nose.
The bear I recieved was dark brown, not as cute as this one pictured.
crappy product. both the cups leak at the rim! dont waste your money.
these pull out in the diaper genie too easiliy, wasting a lot of bag.
this item is not sturdy enough to transport my child in her car seat!!!
baby wipes dried out quickly in this container. don't waste your money.
Handle is on backwards and the cap doesn't even stay on falls right off
My son isn't a fan of this item, but he might just need to grow into it.
1- the bumper bare &#34;broken&#34;<br />2- brake wire &#34;cut off&#34;
I didn't like the color....my baby is a boy and I recept pink and red...
My son did not like these. He had a hard time keeping them in his mouth.
They get all cloudy and gross looking if you wash them in the dishwasher.
This thing smells like an old pool float and looked moldy out of package.
You have to really struggle to open the container - completely un-usable.
pacifier is stuck to the stuffed animal, makes sanitation a little harder
so sad...no penguins! what do i need 2 elephant cutters for?disapointing...
I used it one time and after that it did not heat at all. Very disappointed.
Why put up a picture of boy pacifiers if it's not going to be boy pacifiers!
this was poorly made and I didn't even use it at the baby shower DO NOT BUY!
The letters Princess are written in grey not in black as showed at the photo
doesn't stick! don't waste your money or time. i've requested a full refund.
Nice.  But aterrizar a week of use the drawing almost vanished. It is a pity.
It is very cute but the toy doesn't hold it in her mouth. Not worth the money
terrible, leaks like crazy. only buy if your child never turns over their cup.
These were such a weird shape. My baby never liked them and I don't blame him.
the mouthpiece doesn't allow sufficient space for the nose, baby can't use it.
The logo faded within a month. All colors within a week. What a cheap product!
I'm shopping for a pacifier for my newborn, sadly this one didn't work for her.
Not glow in the dark (no difference from the traditional pacifie). Disappointed !
Horrible.<br />The baby rubbed off the printing the first time we gave it to him.
Sadly, baby hated this pacifier. I wish there was a way to attached other paci's.
these trimmer pads are of the same roughness and it is just too rough for babies.
the pacifier nipple is extremely hard and too hard  for a baby to use- total crap
I didn't actually this this. It's flimsy, thin, and does NOT appear to waterproof.
the quality is not good, i don't think it will be safe for my girl, will return it.
WIFE: Hate these, shape of nipple is weird. Baby would/ will not take these for me.
I bought this for my nephew but Had to throw this item away It had a recall on it :(
hello because i have delayed my article because hera thursday that it had to receive
Didn't work accurately. Of by several degrees even if taken over and over. Returned.
not wide neck spouts. standard as the picture shows; wrong product description/title.
i use it for 1 month and it broke inside and on the outside for just 1 month of usage
The pink smoothie has a hole in it, it's very troubling since the package was closed.
can't, for the life of me, get this on the bottle. classic case of great in theory...
Cute product, but does not arrive with any product information or in a sealed package.
the adhesives stuck for less than 24 hours. unless you bolt these in they are useless.
nipple broke very quickly (ive owned tons of wubbanubs)<br />this one broke super fast
Gets in the baby's way and attracts any and all dust and hair which sticks to the paci
bad really bad product very disappointed please people do not buy this thing -5 stars.
does not meet the standard that was describe during the purchase, highly disappointed.
came broken in the package and couldn't return it since it contained flammable liquids.
Not heavy enough... Doesn't stay in babys mouth.  I will be returning for the lamb one.
dangerous  it a choking hazard  for baby's  before  you even put them on they fall apart
Its really hard to open and close and it's made of crappy materials.  Just use a ziploc.
not good material and the suction comes off after one wash and you can't put it back on!
Its NOT gumdrop, is another brand. My newborn baby loves it but I am really disappointed
The only thing douchier than a Corona is a Corona with a lame hipster bandwagon mustache.
My son didn't like them. They have a scent but I'm not sure if it have them an odd flavor
this is not a safe gate for the stairs.  i actually never used mine and had to resell it.
I received pink - we have a boy. You don't get to choose which I guess I should have read.
the child part of the baby monitor is no longer working, and i only used it for a few days
This pacifier projectiles across the room. The nipple design doesn't work well for our son.
picture shows 3 toys disappointed at the 1 toy that showed up.... this is false advertising
Very small thought it would be bigger it's so cute but it's as big as my finger to palm. ..
Baby didnt like it. Its way too hard for her and she still likes the one for under 3 months.
Money wasted. I bought 4. The pink one is hard to find too so she's stuck on the green ones.
not only was this late but 3 were broken... took over a month and a half to get.. not happy!
comes off very ez and not safe at all would never buy this again not safe for babys and kids
The pacifier itself was ok but I thought it would be personalized with baby's name but wasn't
horrible!! my son barely squeezes the bottle and it spewed everywhere!  leaks the whole time!
not what expected! pictures above are not the real product! they are not foam, cheap material
i washed this pillowcase once and it came apart at the seams. waay overpriced for the quality.
it would be a great product if it weren't so awful to open and clean. cleans well, baby likes.
we clean everything on batteries compartment, but it doesn't work.<br /><br />not recommended!!
Already the painted print is all scrached off so i wonder how much is in my babies mouth Thanks
it said 8 oz equipped with round hole medium nipple (3~6m), but received 0-3m cross cut nipple.
no good, was incomplete and the price is not good a lot of money for this i'm very disappointed
Ew.  Just Ew.  This thing looked bad, and smelled worse.  My dog even turned his nose up at it.
my baby didn't like these,  the nipple is so hard.  be uses it as a ball instead and throws it.
These pacifiers don't have a smooth tip like other brands, it's more textured, my baby hated it.
got nasty on the inside of the nipple, the plastic probably cracked and there is no way to clean
this is just a hair trimmer.  it shaves hair off, but i cannot imagine it is permanently removed.
This is not the real one , i have an original one and this one isn't feel the same so disspointed
Did not read right took to long for the read. Maybe for a older kid but not ours thank you though
one of the strings was broken right out of the box. what a merry christmas to my 14 year old son!
it is a low quality, so I return it. Later I go to babierus to purchase this item. It is very good
My baby didn't like these and neither did I. They are not soft and not at all like a breast latch.
some people swear by them, some say it's a crock.  it didn't seem to make a difference on my baby.
not what i expected. it needs to be a tad bit longer and the spoon wider and deeper. holds nothing.
i hate it.  seems like mattress for dolls not real baby.  size smaller than advertised and too thin
Got two blue pacifiers, understood that colors may vary, Not thrilled with style that I've recieved.
the parent unit keeps dying, even after being fully charged. the lights on both units are too bright
They barely glow in the dark. Ended up getting the MAM glow in the dark pacifier, much, much better!
It is not suitable for babies who are breast fed since the shape is completely different from nipple.
The flap on the base is not wide enough to actually secure under the electronics.  Very disappointed.
horrible!!! please - do not buy this thing to set your baby in front of a screen all day!!!!! please!
I was not happy with the purchase. It was suposto be personalized with the name ZOEY.  No name on it.
Save your money! I used this the first time I took my son to the doctor and it fell and broke in half!
i like the way it looks, but it stopped working almost immediately  new batteries did not help at all.
Very disappointed with this purchase. The pacifier is sewn onto the animal so it's very hard to clean.
cheap quality. not easy for baby to sleep . i like the easy instructions on how to secure into the car
Light bulbs burn out all the time. Not just fan. Doing it on another fan we ordered from this company.
i was very careful to check for regular single bed sheets; this one fooled me... shame on me and them!
this thing broke after one week of use. i do not recommend buying this. i am very disappointed with it.
i bought this cup for my daughter but it in less than a week it started leaking... very disapointing...
it falls apart when my boy trys to use it and it is not well made its i would tell people not to buy it
I bought this for my 5 week old twin boys hoping it would help them sleep but it didn't help either one.
it wont stand up.. waste of money.. i dont have the box anymore but would like to return it if i could..
these fit snug into some of my wall outlets but not all. my 9 month old was able to pull them right out.
The npple is very hard!  My daughter did not like, using a bottle nipple is easier than this using this!
The nipple is way too big and my breastfed baby was unable to suck on it. Also the nipple was very hard.
Way to small for my newborns mouth. Would go far enough in. She kept spitting it out and couldn't latch.
Out of all the pacifiers I ordered all had holes on the end of nipple so when baby sucked she sucked air.
it's tiny-- and looks like a toy glass. not worth the $5. i should have looked closer at the description.
it just doesn't stay on when a baby pulls a door. does't stick well. waist of money. had to through it way
I did  not like it. Material is too hard for baby's mouth. I would not recommend it. May be cheap material
Poor quality, the colors are too faded.  Item isn't the same as on picture.  I do not recommend this item.
this costume runs huge and the quality is pretty lousy.  had to buy a different costume for my 6 month old
to small, hard to fit 1 inc folder. needs to big just a little bit bigger to fit the basic school supplies.
can't put too much without it actually tipping everything out of its units. poorly made. not really stable.
the sound stopped working after two years. worked well until then, but for the money it should last longer.
we thought the ottoman rocked as well and that is what we were hoping for. it does not rock with the chair.
My baby did not like these. She is 6 months. Have tried several times. Threw them out. She likes wubbanubs.
it has been opened before i got it,and i am very disspointed by this thing.so i hope it won't happen again.
y baby never liked these. I think the very pungent smell has something to do with it!! WOuld not buy again.
Stinky materials. Sanitized according to box and they turned all spotted and looked nasty. I sent them back.
we used this for one night and returned it since it did not work for us. the monitor has terrible reception.
The bear is very large and does not fit a soothie. Wubbanub is a better option if your child uses a soothie.
May be just my child, but the cheap basic pacifiers seem to stay in his mouth better and he likes them more.
Poorly made and stuffed- the filling was already coming out before I even gave it to the baby-/ returning it
as other reviewers have stated, this is not very powerful.  its size is nice but it just doesn't do the job.
This does not say colors may very!  I got green & white.  Looks orange to me!  Very disappointed once again!
Our 4 month old baby prefers the Advent pacifier. We believe this one is too heavy so he always spits it out.
These need a cut out for baby's nose area. They seem uncomfortable for baby, and my baby did not take to them
i didn't like the way this fit the crib - was saggy and would not tighten despite several attempts. returned.
My baby kept on gagging on these. The teat is very big! Not impressed with these pacifiers at all. Don't buy!
One of the ears was not sewn all the way on. I trying calling to get a replacement but was never called back.
I bought a pack of two pacifiers girl but i received boys pacifiers, blue and airplanes! That was really bad!
the bed came with several missing screws that i had to go buy somewhere else to even make it safe for my child
They were both pink pacifiers.  The babies are twin boys.  Of course, we wanted blue, green or a neutral color.
extremely poor quality! the lid broke when my toddler dropped it! stay away from this.. dont waste your money..
my toddler will not use the sassy ll cup<br />the cup does what it professes but is not enjoyable to my toddler
Very disappointed.  This is the item I ordered but not what I received.  No white polka dots and no red handle.
this are not like mothers nipple they say they are but look close ....shipped fast and all but not what i wanted
this chair is super small!  i was very disappointed when it arrived.  it is much smaller then it appears online.
Glowing only last 10 min tops. Useless after that. What are you suppose to do the rest of the &#34;night&#34;???
it didnot arived,very un setysfied,if it will arive to my adress i wil give five stars,please give my money back
My little guy hates this thing. It either falls out of his mouth bc it's too heavy or he yanks it out immediately.
very cheap quality, and they do not fit mam pacifiers, which are my son's favorite. i do not recommend purchasing.
I have not received the order so I can't really rate it. I will have to give it at a baby shower for another child.
These looked totally different than what is shown on picture, not even close....different color, different shape...
it did not work. hoping we can return it. it was a gift to my granddaughter. now my daughter must try to return it.
I had lots of hopes when I ordered this paci. However, it smells rubber so much that my baby spits it up right away.
horrible that these are even being sold, it should be listed as a toy hammock for a dollhouse that's the size of it!
this is not at all for a newbirn. the small is more for a toddler. returning because way too big for our 1 month old
completely leaks around the legs! returned for refund. plastic is very thin and rubber pants fit very baggy all over.
these did not stick to my window.  i tried at least 5 times.  i think once i was able to have 1 stay for about a week.
it pulls right off of the door handles. worst buy ever. it couldn't keep out a cat if it wanted too. i had high hopes.
I have not had a single good reading from this thermometer, better off spending a little more on a better thermometer.
It was a gift for my daughter, but she sent it back because the package had been opened and it possibly had been used.
When I receive the packet it came with a hair. I'm dissatisfied with product I don't recommended the product to no one
i was very excited for my son to use these!! just one day after using it the d was rubbed off. i am very disappointed.
the description needs to state that the pacifier cannot be removed to be cleaned and sanitized.  total waste of money.
box was mutilated. gate hinges were all broken, and there were half the number of panels as described and as pictures.
My baby did not like the pacifier shape. And the sides would irritate her cheeks. I would not recommend this to anyone.
They were stiff and didn't stay in his mouth.he preferred the mam. I like the glow in the dark easy to fin pd at night.
Kind of cool<br />Concept, but no way to sanitize soother, as it doesn't detach . Overpriced , overrated in my opinion.
does not fit. only has connector on one side, the other end of tube is just open tubing.  not a valid replacement part.
only cute for a kids room. looks cheap.i wouldnt recommend this product to a friend. my husband and i didnt care for it.
why is this called an ice ring if you are not meant to stick it in the freezer. that is the first thing i did. it burst.
This item has a Proposition 65 warning!!! You can click on it in the product description and read yourself. Don't buy!!!
I did not receive the pacifier, I received the wron product one pacifier clip for keeps the pacifier close to your baby.
I ordered the first essential nooks in blue 4 packages and they sent me pink. What am I going to do with that for a boy.
at 20% polyester these are too scratchy and not absorbent. who would even make a polyester washcloth, it makes no sense!
Sent me the wrong product. I ordered blue pacifiers for my son and received pink ones. Still sitting in box on my table.
Tastes like rubber baby hated it! Very small ball nub to suck and hard to latch to and breath as it smashes babies nose!
this pouch is not needed - you can barely see it on the side of the britax marathon car seat. i feel it was a waste of $.
Defective product came on the back of the centipede, seamless, with failure, I have pictures if you want to send a photo!
The nipple part is hard and unable to be comfortable for my babies mouth. Ill return it and all I'd just like my money back
had for only 3 months and it now turns itself off in the middle of the night....will be contacting amazon for a full refund!
great set for a 3 month old baby. it assists her mom with carrying all the essentials with room for other nonsensical items.
Didn't work for me :( considering return, so cute but my baby wakes up from the noise when I turn it on on the lowest volume
according to the specifications online it was exactly what i needed. but when i recieved it it was too small for my sons crib
I bought these because so many babies love them but my son hates these.  Not to mention that they are huge on his little face.
the switch on the side didnt work.  it wasn't as cool as it seemed from the description, but i would have kept it if it worked
the headband looks so pretty online! when i received it, the headband looked squished, and hideous. i ended up throwing it out.
this thing sucks! i can't believe it has any stars at all. it falls over with no toys on it. stupid me for not reading reviews!
this seat got jammed in the base after a 1.5 weeks of use. it's crap. its really hard to remove from the base. not recommended.
I know it says colors and designs may vary, but I assumed since solid colors are pictured I was going to get solid pacifiers...
fell apart had to return<br />do not buy this<br />went to use and the joints came apart<br />glad granddaughter was not inside
Doesn't even work and can't change out the pacifier which means it can't properly be disinfected. Impossible to boil or wash it.
After one use, I was unable to close both the clasps and the product was completely useless. I would not recommend this purchase.
Product states that it is a 0-6 month, product arrived and was 0-3 months. Contacted company who did not respond to my complaint.
too big for baby's face making it uncomfortable for her and unusable for us. clear ones worked better and she liked those more...
I am super frustrated with these pacifiers. Its a gimic, they look exactly the same size as the 0-3 month pacies..  Need to return.
This is such a rip off. I have 0-3 month pacifier from the same company and they are exactly the same! Baby doesn't use any of them.
bad quality item.  it has never been able to hold a charge, it has static, and the plug comes out easily.  do not buy!  so annoying.
This item fell apart within 1 week of having it. The diaper changing bag is nice and study but this is cheap and poorly constructed.
The bottles leaked out the bottom. I thought I put them together wrong, but I didn't. Tried them all and ended up throwing them away!
Its a very bad product, has a strange smell at beginning and it leave marks over my baby's mouse cause shutter is designed very tight
I got these just for the fact that they glow in the dark. AND surprise....they don't! Disappointed!! They are just regular pacifiers.
stopping working after 5 months :( worked fine up until yesterday! then it started turning on and off. disappointed in this product..
it looks nice at the beginning, but just after a few uses the closing mechanism broke鈥?doesn麓t make any sense.  poor quality product.
i spent 320 usd and the product, doesnt work .nobody gave me a solution. neither avent philiphs. i hope that somebody fix that problem
my 16 month old just can't figure out how to use it, he is a nuk baby and love the soft spout cups but can not get a hang of this one.
my daughter could not get this to work.  i tried it and it did not have a big enough hole in it.  great idea, just not a great product.
The pacifier themselves are just fine..... but the yankees symbol wore off after only 2 days......  save your money and don't bother...
how did you install it?! i just did and it leaks or should i say sprays everywhere! i don't want to return it but looks like i might :(
The Wubanub had small holes in the seams and overall was put together very poorly. I was very disappointed in the quality of this item.
The spring doesnot retract and dont recommend at all!!!  Was disappointed having wasted time in ordering,fixing and returning the item.
Did not like this item at all. The wings on the pacifer would not stay open so that the baby could use it. This item went in the trash!
total useless, wasted time and money,no changes at all and they are so uncomfortable,restricted from using them for any length of time.
It was denied to enter Mexico due to material m,ade off so i really was disappointed I could not provide my grand doughter with such item
My baby love the newborn soothie pacifier,...but hates this one.    It is bulky and way too heavy.  it won't stay in his mouth.  Too bad!
The product was smaller than what I expected and looked cheap was not worth the price.  Very disappointed specially because it was a gift
I received this item in blue color - it's different from the image they have on the image. I was expecting yellow ones. Had to return it.
i ordered the orange and green set or so i was thought.  finally after a month of waiting i received a pink set.  yeah... great job guys.
I chose the blue bottles that had the monkeys on them but I received the ones with airplanes one them, I wanted to get the ones I ordered.
this arrived with a broken piece on the back of the monitor, so that the battery unit can't be closed and the entire system is inoperable.
difficult to use, does not always work. disconnects automatically. way over priced and over promised. customer service is slow to respond.
never got to use it because it shrank on first wash (i washed it exactly according to instructions, gentle cycles on both wash and dryer)!
tiffany fell in love with this.it makes noise its softer to the touch.and the most important thing it blue and blue is her favorite color.
it's cute, but does not stick to the tub at all. thought this brand would be good, but after reading the reviews i should have stayed away.
Loved the product for my son, however just bought a two pack of them to add to his pacifier collection and the box was empty! Very annoyed!
very disappointed. it's velcro. why is it velcro?!  a crib has bars, velcro doesn't hold and it looks funny.  needs ties instead of velcro.
The photo doesn't show exactly what you get,  I picked this one because I have a girl and it contained one color for girls and one for boys.
We received a fake. Not retail packaged, no FCTRY labeling on paci. Even the silicone part is slightly different than the other one we have.
im not really satified with this beacuse the pacifier cant be takin out so i can wash plush it self beofre giving it to my one month old baby
this product is FAKE. DO NOT BUY. The package on it is fake and the stuff animal is so poorly crafted, it looks like its about to fall apart.
I choose blue as in the picture<br />But I got red and this asharni malaise<br />I have a child born and preferred color blue didn't like red
The quality seems decent enough and I'm sure they are good for some kids, but our baby hates it.<br />He won't take these for even a second..
it is cheaply made and will be out of use the seconday day you put on your child's hand. my two year old could easily remove it from his hand.
my baby hated this thing. she was scared of the stuffed animal. however using this weaned her from the pacifier so maybe that's a good thing?!
these are the cheapest bibs i have ever owned.  do not waste your money.  after washing them they have holes all around the neck!!! very cheap
way too tight for our 7lb newborn. we couldn't even zip it. very disappointing since he can escape from all of the other swaddles we've tried.
i had to return it it was very junky and felt like breaking the watch came broken as well did not think it will last altough the price is good
Cuts wifi voice activation doesn't work so cheap i did buy bc 100$ not even worh 40$ levana 501 the best after trying 4 monitor whit in 2 week
at first i liked the product, although the audio quality has always been poor鈥ut after 3 months the camera stopped working and it is useless.
did nothing to help my 4 yr old to potty train. he could not tell a difference. wouldn't spent the money. just use thin diapers or train naked.
it's not what the reviews said...i'm not sure how it's rated #1, the bristles have already started laying down and i've only had it for 3 days.
what seemed like a potty training essential at first now appear to be fairly useless. it will take us a millennium to go through them, i think.
sticks out to far and to flimsy to hold the hand held shower head.  the clamp that holds the arm of the shower held twists and let it fall out!
The pacifier was not even sewn onto the Elephant..really dissapointed with the quality! I paid $15.00...I should have gone to a<br />Baby Store!
i was not satisfied because the pic shows the football pacifiers and i received basketball.  i think there should be a way to pick what you want.
the body of the caterpillar has small mold spots. I feel like the pacifier should be able to come off the body in order to give it a proper wash.
i bought this to protect my baby from the edges of my table, but it didn't stick! i had to remove it and toss it, for me it was a waste of money!
this product was sooooooo bad. water went to my daughter's eyes and she cried. it was our first time try. you shouldn't waste your money for this.
My baby will accept Tommy Tippy, Dr. Browns and Avent bottles. She hates these and refuses to use them. The nipples are oddly hard and inflexible.
found this crib bumper too flimsy , not thick enough. not at all comparable to other bumpers that i have .certainly does not give much protection.
Do not get this one...we had to cut out top part because it left marks on baby's face under nose. Get the one that doesn't have round circle base.
of thin, disposable nursing pads i've tried, i like these the least. the layers separate easily, and they bunch up. go for lansinoh brand instead.
fake! it's just plastic beads! my poor little guy was suffering so badly! i learned my lesson, i'll buy quality next time over saving a few bucks!
I didn't get these 2 colors that was advertised when placing my order i got 2 pink i want these 2 colors i need it for a boy NOT a girl!!!!!!!!!!!!
my baby didn't like it!! she never sleep on it comfortably ,it's flimsy and small. i don't think any baby can sleep in it more than a month or so..
I was expecting to receive a pack of blue pacifiers, and instead I received PINK! I will not use a pink pacifier on my baby BOY! False advertising!
good idea put poorly made. The medicine leaks out and the pacifier part is very hard. My daughter rejected it immediately!  Went with another brand.
Clip on it not so great, falls off but I can fit 2 binkies .<br />at least I can still take more with me then I need and find them when I need them.
LOOKED FORWARD TO THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER BUT IT NEVER MADE IT...I NOT SURE WHAT HAPPENED BUT I WOUD LOVE IT HAD IT ARRIVED... THE CONSEPT OF HAVING IT
incredibly flimsy material and terribly thin. i took it out of the package and washed them and they are already starting to unravel. waste of money!
Picture showed blue and green camo but what arrived was pink and purple. Not sure about a pink camo pacifier for my son. All it says is colors vary.
no timer no instructions just a temp knob you have to wing it and it takes too long with twins we need a warm that can heat up faster we returned it.
I was pretty disappointed at how breakable this is. It seems very flimsy and for the price I was not impressed at all. Wish I hadn't of purchased it.
although these fit my medela pump in style advanced, they had very poor suction. i would suggest sticking with the medela brand valves and membranes.
it did not come like the picture! it's not aqua, gray and white it's all gray and white! i waited a longtime for this item and i'm very disappointed.
I have a boy, what is the logic for receiving a girl pacifier? Well, I got fooled by the ad. Amazon needs take out this offer, it doesn't make sense.
The pacifier does not remove from the lamb's mouth as it is stitched in. It would be a great product if it could be removed for washing/ sterilizing.
this did not fit my double door fridge. way too small. it was going to cost me more to send it back and insure it than i paid for it. not happy at all
I got what I paid for I suppose, but this was very cheap. The pacifiers had to be cutout and use tape maybe? We didn't use it at the shower after all.
My breastfed baby won't take these or other brands shaped like these. He only accepts the Avent pacifiers.pop out of his mouth. He can't suck on them.
The butterfly version is much better. These are uncomfortable for my baby as they hit his nose. He won't use them. Order the butterfly version instead.
I order the green pacifier and when it arrived to my house it was white and had a duck on it ?!?!? Really disappointed because I wanted the green one !
by 2 month old could not use this after the first time because the milk came out so fast it gaged him and milk went all over him. what a waste of money
No inner packaging for item or labeling. Did not gift as intended as a result as parents likely will not accept a loose pacifier in a shipping package.
waste of money.  if you do not have a tile shower, do not get this.  this fell several times, one of them almost hitting my 2 year old in the bath tub.
I was disappointed as they were pink I was expecting them to look as pictured.  Since the girl I bought it for is expecting a boy  it was dissapointing
My daughter hated these. They have zero scent. And they are nothing like the one the hospital gives you. These are extremely stiff and not soft at all.
These pacifiers deflated within one month of use. They are supposed to be full of air like a sealed bubble and they are now completely flat and useless.
didn't work at all. my 4 month old could still move his arms which is how he wakes himself up. this product did nothing to help and is a waste of money.
What I received was totaly different from the picture. Also, the product was put in an unencapsulated plastic bag. Very very very disappointed. Damn it!
binky is the only pacifier my baby ever took, except this one, no good grip and slips out easily, the plastic is too strong and it smells like crude oil
These are boys designs in the pictures,  an d I bought them for mine but then arrived some pink designs ..... My baby doesnt like them very much either.
this pink is very light and the sparkles are barley noticeable. it's supposed to be zebra strip ( black and white) but its gray and white. disappointed.
front wheel shakes at a walking speed. a plastic piece wore through on the canopy a month after my son was born (so with little to no use). cheaply made.
i bought this for my daughter and it was terrible. it leaks from the bottom as if it its missing a piece and came with no instructions of how to assemble.
I will not recommend that it is brought off line. I spent 90 percent more ordering on line I was up set to see the same Tim at Walmart for cheaper price .
i should have read the other reviews ... this duck doesn't stay upright.  seriously, what's the point of having a duck if it can only lay on it's side????
These things are so hard to open I hate it. Also you cannot fit more than one pacifier in them, I use the soothies brand. I wish they were easier to open.
I bought the same item 2 years ago and it was much better quality.  I don't what happened but this thing is cheap and sucks my little one won't even use it
I ordered the cutsie caterpillar and got a monkey instead, and when I tried to return it, the site said they were out of stock... Be cautions when ordering
did not fit my mclaren tx. besides, next day after trying to put them on (by the instruction:, wet and and some dish soap inside) started stink terribly...
the item was dirty and the the rubber was rotten and discolored. it smells like ammonia. i had to return the item and ask for a refund, fortuately i had it.
I know that this varies from baby to baby, but my 4 month old will not take this pacifier, and keeps spitting it out, even though she likes other pacifiers.
Horrable!!! The product has no packing. I bought to give to a friend as a gift but I cannot give something to a baby that I am not sure it its clean or safe.
My Son hated these from the start.  I think its one of those things you are going to get different opinions from because not all babies like the same things.
my 9 month old picked it up the very first time and hit himself in the corner of his eye with the top edge...that caused a little blood and a lot of tears :(
The binky main part is too big to put in my baby's mouth and the wing is to too big as well as it cover her nose. I dont use it in the end. Regret bought it.
like others here, this wouldn't stick on our toilet for more than 5 minutes.  it's probably the worst toilet lock on the market.  don't bother even trying it.
I received a completely different brand of pacifier.  I needed the kind pictured for my fussy son, and the ones shipped to me do not match what is advertised.
The pic showed blue so I was expecting blue or neutral colors and pink pacifiers arrived. Great product just disappointed in the limitation in choosing colors.
poor design getting the baby in and out was a challenge and the baby didnt like it so i was unable to even use it. i definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone
received this product and baby likes it, but after attempting to sanitize and putting them into boiling water, the edges slightly melted. not happy about this.
My 10 month old daughter was able to put the whole pacifier in her mouth and then couldn't get it back out. I feel fortunate that I was there when it happened.
One star because I still love Avent pacifiers, but I was thinking that buying a &#34;glow in the dark&#34; pacifier meant it would actually glow in the dark :(.
Disappointing I thought this monkey would help to hold the pacifier in my babies mouth instead in makes it easier to fall out because the monkey weighs it down.
I would not recommend this product . It came one day later which is not a problem . It is cheap looking , very low quality and very small ! Not worth the money !
The baby liked it fine but it is difficult to get clean.  Water stays inside the nipple.  Not as good as the regular Nuk which costs about the same for a 2-pack.
The catopiller is stiff and heavier then some of the other wubbanubs my twins hated it :( very cute but both babies can't keep in mouth like the soft blue puppy.
straw cleaner broke within one day of use. other parts are ok but the straw cleaner is the one you want to use! usually love oko products but this is badly made.
bought these expensive pacifiers for the aesthetic appeal, and they sent the blue boys version. not very appealing for the girls diaper cake i was going to make!
in the picture has 8 colors and i thought i was getting the 8 headbands but really dissapointed because i only got one. i shoulded read better and it says one pc.
These have a hole in the tip which my son does not like. I thought I was ordering the same version of what he was given at the hospital and loves, but it is into.
the child does not perceive this as a pacifier nipple<br />perceives as a toy.<br />seems need to use just such birth.<br />to this (now) use normal nipples Avent
we bought this as an extra base for our snugride 30. the name of the base includes the 30, so i'm not sure why it didn't fit. very disappointed with this purchase.
this is the worst company you can do business with. cheating, there is a lot of other companies better, please don't do any business with vtech communications inc.
this item is not really like it is shown it's really wobbly and doesn't hold anything .. i thought it would have been more sturdy but it's not ... i didn't like it
this may be good for someone else, but it was not good for my daughter. i ended up buying a nice one from babies r us. it wasn't as thick as i thought it would be.
this product doesn't do what it supposed to. the pacifier is bigger and havier than the toy's head so it falls down, the toy is useless.so expensive.waste of money
My daughter hates these pacis. She refuses to use them because the nipple is too big. I don't know how other babies like them but they were a huge miss in my house.
very disappointment in the quality of jewelry. who goes through the trouble to monogram fake jewelry? i would have sent it back but why even go through the trouble.
Me too, I was expecting 4 as in the photo, tricky...and also they came in boy colors, how can I order specific colors? Need the pink and purple. They should specify.
bought it in april but start using it since last week, the speaker of the parent unit is not working any more. only video no sound, even the volume is turned to max.
my child has used this for two days and it is already coming apart at the bottom. not so great for an item that is supposed to be chewed on! complete waste of money!
Way smaller than I thought, and you can't change pacifers bc the one that came with it was sewn on! Not happy with the item considering the price, with included tax!
one day old and the back started making squeaky noice, i have tried reassembling it but still the same. its too big to send it back.. stuck with the squeaky noice....
i have had issues with the stroller shaking when i jog with it, since i bought it and even though they have replaced the frame and wheels i am still having the issue.
Don't bother- this came and was already marked as low battery. I used it twice, one the day of receipt and once the day after and then it died. What a waste of my bey
This product appears to be a counterfeit. I am so disappointed. Poor packaging and the lamb was actually dirty I found once opened. How can I give this to a new baby?
These are NOT the Hawaii Medical gumdrop pacifiers.  They are Jolly Pops, which are not as soft as the Gumdrop pacifiers. My baby would not take these.  Buyer beware.
cannot get these to stick to our windows for the life of me. they are sort of twisted, so they never lay flat on the window, and won't stick! wish i could return them.
the concept is good for the 3 in 1, but the step stool portion does not lock into the potty ring base. so child knocks it over easily and a pain if you have to move it.
bought it when baby was 6 months old. didn't like it then and doesn't like it now when she is 9 months. the chair just does not seem comfortable. ended up buying bumbo.
this product never got to my house it has been a month and i have contacted them twice it shows it sitting somewhere in wisconsin. and they won't do anything about it!!
ordered the evenflo breast pump and after the third time of using it it quit working. and ordered a second one and it quit working too after the third time of using it.
i really wanted to like this, but it was always falling off, making the thing pointless.  will now have to look for something more expensive that actually does the job.
ordered this and the package was opened with no nose frida inside like stated and only the 40 foam pieces...what am i suppose to do with that without the actual product?
I have one wubbanub from my sons birth ad these are no where near the same quality! He doesn't like them like he does the hospital one. No as heavy as the hospital ones!
it was a very easy grasp rattle for my four month old. the main reason i ordered it though was because it was supposed to light up. it never worked to my disappointment.
I am just writing to say that this product never arrived to me in the pack. I am quite disappointed with the missing of this item in the pack. Really crossed with that...
i enjoyed this monitor, until the parent unit broke after one week.  it stopped picking up noise from the baby suddenly, without any explanation.  quality control anyone?
Parents, if your baby likes to put their hands by their face and move their arms a lot, this probably won't work. My son pushes binkibear away and the pacifier falls out.
don't waste your money on this monitor. it has so much static and is very annoying. i read all of the reviews and still purchased it, but now i wish that i wouldn't have.
our mattress sagged significantly after only three months of use for an infant weighing less than 12lbs. amazon customer service was very helpful in expediting our return.
VERY stiff, not cuddly at all! GET THE pink elephant, Brown monkey, or tabby cat instead. My daughter had them when she was an infant and loved them, they were super SOFT.
we love this brand but these are bottles with medium flow nipples and are not suitable to newborns. they also require drop in liners by ziploc that are not sold in stores.
cool design, cute cup, seems sturdy, cleans well but leaks all the time...all the time. i had to throw it away. just stick with the cheap old standby of playtex sippy cups.
doesn't fit any cart backs. you constantly have to adjust the back and front, and if baby leans forward it doesn't hold them properly because it doesn't fit the cart right.
I get that colors may vary. That usually means a different shade of blue. I got pink, what am I supposed to do with hot pink ones? I won't even be able to use these at all.
The description for this Nuk says 0 to 6 mo. but it is 0 to 3 on the pkg I received today. I also ordered some 0 to 3 mos. so now I will have four alike. Not a happy camper.
i thought the whole screen would light up, but no just the little picture in the corner did. my 16 mth baby really wanted nothing to do with it. i was pretty disappointed :(
&#34;no leak&#34; my foot. leaked like crazy. i replaced it with the take & toss for straw cups and the munchkin 360 spillproof for when i need the no-leak no-spill feature.
i thought this product would be functional/somewhat adjustable like a regular shower head but it was not!!! would have sent it back but didn't want to waste more of my time!
baby busted a seem the first night in it.  when he woke his hands were jammed up near his face.  it made me nervous to have his hands and the material stuck up near his face.
I love these pacifiers- they're the only ones my son will take.  However, I ordered a 4 pack of the 3+ month and received a single newborn size pacifier.  Very disappointing.
i was very interested in this item, and ordered 2. today, when i got them, they did not have the on/off switch, they were just 2 plain usb 2gb sticks. i was very disappointed.
I could only use one of them because the other one had a hole in the tip which just caused my baby to suck in air.  I noticed another buyer had this same issue.  Not impressed!
For whatever reason, of the four yellow soothies I have purchased, two had holes in the tips which made them unusable.  I have not had this trouble with green or blue soothies.
Sent pink ones. I have a boy.Colors may vary, did not say girly binkis or boy binkies. Very unhappy. Can't use them. No contouring to them either.Like a fat fingeri n his mouth
my daughter likes the music but is not happy with the upside down elmo, it's not very sturdy and no longer rolls. part of the plastic underside is dragging making it immovable.
my 8 month old almost fell out of the seat after leaning sideways while strapped in.  this product does not provide sufficient lateral restraint to keep a child safe and secure.
I got pink ones, not purple and green as it is shown on the picture. It only bothers me because I am having a boy, so pink would have been the last choice I pick even for pacis.
I specifically ordered these 18-36 month nuks because my nearly two year old still insists on a pacifier at bedtime.  The pacifiers that came were 0-6 months which I cannot use.
how dare them charge this outrageous price for this crib. when just a week ago amazon was selling it for $295 and all the stores carrying this crib is selling it for under $300.
ordered these bibs over 2 months ago and still no sign. i really love trend lab bibs but what the heck!! am i going to get the bibs once my baby does not need bibs anymore??!!??
Arrived with a broken zipper, thank you very much, which is not something that could have happened during shipping. That means it was sent out even though it obviously defective.
the motor that spins the projector images failed to work immediately out of the box.  i didn't realize that the pictures were dynamic until watching a review.  this pisses me off!
bought binkies for my baby BOY and they sent pink binkies. Not ok, unless I never wanted to take him out of my house in public. They should have an option for what color you want!
loved it till i used it because the red fake leather started to peel from day one. not even two months old and looks so ratty and ugly luckily overstock.com is refunding my money.
Started coming apart after only five days of use, so I returned it. For such a high price I expected a certain level of quality. The stuffing started coming out of one of the legs.
Very bad ..the saliva got stuck inside the pacifier and I had to squeeze it out while cleaning..it went to the trash after few uses. Also I got pink and purple colors for baby boy.
just reiterating what other reviewers said...the penguin lid does not stay on, the silicone snack catcher is way too hard to push fingers through, and snacks do not come out easily.
first of all they didn't send the thermometer that was shown,  and not one of the three i ordered worked.  i then ordered new batteries and replaced them and they still didn't work.
product had broken on/off button. motorola is aware of this problem and will not take the monitor back, instead they want you to pay $90 for an upgraded version. would not buy again.
Far too strongly scented.  My son doesn't mind them a bit, but I find the smell off-putting.  And this is coming from someone who has a newborn, and is therefore used to baby smells!
doesn't fit my crib. my crib has a standard size, but it doesn't fit around the exterior legs. can't even use. unfortunately i washed before trying on my crib, so now i can't return.
i wish i could give less then 1 star.  the cable itself is fine.  the video that comes from the unit is subpar at best.  it appears to be zoomed and is not clear.  very disappointed.
i ordered the system and a replacement.  the system had been withdrawn by the manufacturer, so that was not sent.  now i have a replacement for a system that i couldn't possibly use.
The arms on the bear are too short.  The bear is also pretty fully stuffed  which means the combo of short arms and heavy bear the bear pulls the bink out rather than help it stay in.
very upset used pacifier!!! product came out of package with appearance of being very used realy !!! this was to be given as a gift but is clearly trash but it came in a timely manner
I should have paid attention to the reviews....clear pacifiers are such a bad idea - could not find them.  Also, these pacifiers tended to have moisture trapped inside the middle part.
I bought a different version of this (same style and maker) for a baby shower gift.  It was recalled on the news a few months later (around Nov. 2014) for containing lead in the paint.
Neither of our babies would take these. The tip is awkward in length and has a stuff consistency. The back is so heavy that it pull out of the baby's mouth. No wonder they're so cheap.
Neither of my babies liked these.  My toddler never liked a paci at all.  My baby only likes MAM brand.  I was hoping they would use this brand because of the wubbies, but no such luck.
this product is a complete waste.... a 2-year old was able to wrangle the adhesive off by playing with the lever and open the door to the basement.  don't throw your money away on this.
i expected a cover that protected the babies bottom.  something that i could use on vacatton. this was a total waste of my money and time. this makes me  very leary of ordering on line.
They have a hole in the nipple that results in baby swallowing a ton of air.  Not sure why it was designed that way but i am definitely not using this product.  I would not recommend it.
Unfornatelly this item did not meet my expectation:<br /><br />I choose the pacifier for girls and i received this pacifier for boys.<br /><br />How does Amazon can help with this issue?
falls of the wall useless not a good product it doesn't hold anything the minute you put something in it falls of the wall then you need to stick it again. even when you push the button.
Thought that they were going to be like the ones that they give you at the hospital. These were not as soft or soothie at all like the ones they have at the hospital. My baby hates them.
I ordered these and chose the dots style and I did see that colors may vary but why give the option to choose? I recieved two blue pacifiers when I was hoping for something more feminine.
this product is so disappointing.  the clay is so messy and sticky and impossible to use.  it sticks to your hands and the plastic wrap it's in and the rolling pin.  what a waste of money!
i received it fast but it doesn't seem to be working absolutely nothing seems to really be working actually. i also feel that it was to tight around my sons neck i didn't feel it was safe!
did not work on my car, once attached to the head rest, i could not orient it to face the baby. had to return it.<br />ordered the 4u2c rear facing car seat baby mirror and it works great.
This product seems good when your read about it. But this has a problem as it hurts the baby. I would prefer to use the conventional detachable cover so it does not hurt the delicate skin.
this item was damaged upon receipt. the packing material (supposed to be filled with air) was sparse and was deflated upon opening the box, which i believe resulted in the damaged product.
The &#34;free air tunnel&#34; reduces suction so badly that the baby is unable to keep the pacifier in his mouth. The necessary vacuum is not created. The worst pacifier we have ever tried.
I see in the site the color blue and I received pink, and I have a boy. It was a surprise....In the site says color may be vary, but i thought that it could be boy colors, or neutral colors.
This pacifier is funny to look at, but all the babies in our family hate it. We can't get the babies, and there are 3 babies in our family, to keep this pacifier in their mouth. Unfortunate.
My son wouldn't take these. I paid way too much for them, AND I got pink. Wish I would have paid more attention to the colors may vary. Not ordering pacifiers online that say that ever again
came in on time,  that equals one star. receiving  it shattered upon arrival, no star.  i'm hoping i can gorilla glue this thing together, otherwise i have to go out and buy an expensive one.
It was very warm to wear this on a hot summer day and its summer every day in SIngapore! Totally not feasible in our climate and does not work in air-conditioned malls as well. Baby hates it!
THESE ARE THE ABESOLUTE WORST!!! MY SON ALMOST CHOKED ON THESE PACIFIERS, IT WAS DOWN HIS THROAT, THANK GOD WE WERE SITTING THERE. THEY ARE TWO SMALL AND BEND!!!<br /><br />DO NOT USE THEM!!!
The pacifier comes atached to the girafe. I was hoping for a pacifier holder, were I could change the pacifier and esterilise it.<br />The way it is, is impossible to esterilise the pacifier.
i'm surprised no one has mentioned the concern of this being natural rubber. rubber is latex, the more one is exposed to natural latex rubber the higher the risk of developing a latex allergy.
I had such high hopes for this pacifier after reading some of the reviews that it was good for breastfed babies. Unfortunately my son didn't like it at all. We stayed with the avent pacifiers.
I bought this binky for my daughter a week after she was born and it haven't been 5 weeks yet and this binky is disgusting! It is like the rubber is melting... Will not buy again or recommend!
Only received one container. The product description never states a quantity which leaves the buyer under the impression they receive exactly what is pictured.  Deceptive marketing at its best.
Loop is very small and does not fit around stroller or infant seat handles but will work on a purse or bag. It gets dirty easily because of the material. Mine broke after 2 weeks if getting it.
I expected this to be more like a bottle nipple where the baby would suck the medicine out... instead it just lets the medicine drain freely into her mouth. It didn't work for us unfortunately.
Why does is say STRETCH??? Nothing about is stretches.. We picked this one instead of any of the others because we thought it would stretch and be fun for or daughter but nope no stretching!!!!!
i wanted to love this product, but to work well it would requires to have the same size as the juice box i uses and it doesn't. my son would pull the juice box away and the box loses its purpose
We got one of these from the hospital. I guess it explains the quality of the product right away..... Awful design, horrible look, very hard and ugly pacifier, baby hates it but take other ones.
these are very thin and therefore do not absorb much liquid, which is the primary purpose of a feeding bib! instead i used muslin cloths wrapped around like a bandana and tucked under baby's chin.
i didn't like these breast pads at all compared to the avent ones. i tried them out bcuz they were cheap but they are too thin and not very absorbant. i would not reccomend. they need a new design!
i got this with 1 pair free for my 1month old baby one wash and lints are standing out sometimes goes into my baby's eyes.i would say i just get what i paid for,it's only 9.00 so wat would i expect.
This pacifier is only for newborns. My son is 7 months and also stuck the whole thing in his mouth. Thank, Goddess I  happened to be looking  at him when it happened  and went into mommy auto pilot.
these were rigid and uncomfortable and did not sit well on my childs neck. they were warped and i couldn't fix them after many washes and rinses. and they were big. much better suited for a toddler.
In contrast to the good reviews here, my 4 month old daugther refuses it<br />because of its disgusting smell.<br />For a first couple of weeks, it was good. However, after that it smells like feet :(
horrible design.  very rigid and hard to collapse.  don't understand why they can't make a better product.  the concept is good however the type of hinges they use on the gates are hard to manipulate.
I specifically purchased these for the glow in the dark feature and they don't glow in the dark.  I returned the first set thinking I received a defective pair, but the replacement didn't glow either.
beware of length. states 90 inches across, my fireplace is 86 inches across and it was still several inches short. i noticed this complaint on other reviews as well. can't return it because i used it.
I bought several packages of these. Some of them have holes in the nipples and some don't. The ones that do have holes, my daughter sucks in air so I had to throw them away. I wouldn't buy them again.
the sheet was way too small for a crib size mattress. i never expected that so had thrown away box. we washed and dried it before using it and there is no way the sheet could have fit any crib mattress
i want to remove the sticky mark on the yellow one when i want to use it for kids. it's broken immediately. i use the blue one, the snap cannot be locked. the quality is very poor.  waste money to buy.
Opened up the package & the lamb was coming apart at one of the seams.  Not a safe product.  It seems like such a great idea & I'd love to use these for my baby, but am not comfortable buying it again.
First one I received was wrong animal. Second one received was right animal but had a hole in the seam where the stuffing could come out. Decided to just get a refund. I got tired of shipping them back.
the first thing i noticed was the hanger was rusty! this had flimsy material and top stches by hanger were already coming undone. the style was dated and did not look modern at all. i returned this one.
Game was too small. I had to cut up the pacifiers, and it took time. Wish that the kids could have enjoyed this game, during baby shower . I would not buy again or even recommend this product for anyone.
it was cute as pictured, but we bought it so that my grandson would not poke his legs through the bars. but it flattened easily and out his legs came out. we have tightened it and the same thing happens.
this didn't perform as we had expected it to.  it's much too large to be a practical breastfeeding screen.  the color pattern is also a bit too busy and tacky.  what a shame, as we couldn't use it at all.
Our 2 month old loves to be pacified, but this will not stay in at all. It pops out after a few seconds. We switched to a cheapo type and those work much better. These are not all they're cracked up to be.
these are NOT Hawaii medical Gumdrops, they are smoother/shinier silicone and have a harder plastic plate in them....My son knows the difference!! If your baby likes the soothie get the Hawaii medical ones
i was supposed to receive two boy cups in a tall size; that's the specific reason that i chose to purchase this particular set. 2, 9 fluid ounce cups came, one in yellow and one in pink. very disappointed.
Unfortunately, i did not like this pacifier. It was just too big and heavy for my newborn newborn...and frankly just weird shaped, not 'ergonomic' for my baby's face. I recommend MAM pacifiers personnally.
Its smaller than I expected. My son uses soothie pacifier but hates this and won't take it. Its an over priced item that is more for moms to collect than a practical useful item. I feel like I wasted money.
WHAT YOU RECEIVE IS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE!!! Seller says that the item used to look like this but no longer does. Now I have to pay almost the price of the item to return them. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!
this is not a rattle. quality is poor. the warning link says &#34;not for children under 3 years&#34; but is targeted to infants. do yourself a favor & sew bells or other noise makers to your child's socks.
the first bag i took out of the box leaked. i've since been testing each bag before use. used four more, one of which also leaked. will not be buying more of these after i finish the box that was purchased.
i bought this pillow cover for my snoogle pillow b/c i read reviews about it being scratchy. it was the truth and adding this case on top did not help either b/c it was just as scratchy as the pillow itself.
i boiled these to sterilize them after they arrived and the water had a thick oily slime after boiling. i am not sure why, but it makes me concerned about the manufacturing process and safety of the product.
I thought my daughter would love this and it would be great for night time. I don't think she has used it once, she want's nothing to do with it. It would be better if you could change the pacifier out on it.
I was really disappointed, because in the picture are bottles and the name of product are pacifier, when I bought, I did not notice the name, but only in photo.<br />I would like know why is this so?<br />Tks
i bought this because it said that it was for aggressive chewers.  my son chewed through it within 3 weeks.  it was not made any tougher than any other chewie that is being sold.  i will not be buying it again
Omg! Why was it dirty??? I couldn't believe it looked so funky! And, it really didn't look anything like the picture. Very disappointing. It's not even worth trying to return it...I wish I could give NO stars!
My daughter loves these pacifiers in the 0 month size. The 3 month size are so thick she can't even keep them in her mouth when she's sucking. They aren't pliable at all and they're completely unusable for us.
bought this for my 10 month old and she never, ever plays with it. i keep pulling it out thinking it might interest her more as she gets older, but the opposite is true. cute to sit on a shelf but not much else.
These pacifiers would have been perfect if they had a curve to their shields. They're flat and don't hug the face, so they don't stay in the mouth very long, which is a shame because they look absolutely adorable.
Do not buy this. The way it is designed is flawed. We heard our child crying and thought she had dropped it on floor but she had turned it around and it got stuck in her mouth. Just the right size. Very dangerous.
i put this diaper on my son, and it was a snug fit.  looked good, though i was surprised by how thin it is.  two minutes later there was a puddle on the floor and a  stream down his leg.  it didn't absorb anything.
we've only had this monitor for a little over a year and the motor and the sound have now stopped working, conveniently right after the one year warranty. this monitor was expensive and i would not waste the money.
i made the mistake of getting this one and it really does nothing.  i would have more success asking  my newborn to blow her nose into a tissue while doing a handstand.  save your money and buy a different aspirator.
handles ripped the first time i tried to transfer laundry to my laundry basket. obviously, it cannot be used to carry laundry - my daughter did this and the handle completely ripped off as she walked down the stairs.
It's a cool idea...But, the darn thing keeps closing when it's in the baby's mouth.<br />Better off getting a bunch of cheap pacifiers so you always have back-up when they fall on the floor and you're not near a sink.
the sippy cups seem very nice, my child has had no problems using them, but she dropped one from her highchair and it shattered.  with the frequency of how often she drops the sippy cups, i need something more durable.
i am very disappointed because this looked like the answer to my bath problems. unfortunately, water leaks through the sides and right into the eyes (no matter which way i have the visor).  i would not buy another one.
very disappointed in this product. it's doesn't tighten and straps get twisted all the time ---poorly made will stick with britax for now on tried to save $ because it's used as a second seat but i am very disappointed
the straps provided were not wide enough to go around our crib rail so my husband put 2 straps together to get it to fit the crib but my 1 one year old daughter figured out how to get it off. this was a waste of money.
this is not worth it if you have any wind in your neighborhood. it does not have any weight to it and will simply blow down the street with any degree of wind. not worth it unless you get a 5 lb weight to hold it down.
this product did not really keep away the mosquitoes. i was expecting something which would save my family from becoming a backyard buffet. this product did not meet my expectations because it did not repel mosquitoes.
These left a bright red sunburn looking mark everywhere they touched my son's face.  The unflavored avent soothies do not. I love the avent products. These however are not really worth trying. Stick with the normal ones.
This item came it was really cheezy and cheap. THe handle for the top might just break right off. Not worth $5.00 when I can pay $2 for a really good one. Also the Zebra design is very light grey.. you can hardly see it.
These were nothin like the ones given in the hospital.. they were different in design and the nipple  is a lot stiffer.. my son noticed the difference right away and will not use these.. veryy unhappy with this purchase.
this gate is not meant for the top of the stairs.  it takes 2 hands to open it (even says this in the user manual).  not very functional when you don't have both hands free to open it (carrying your kid or anything else).
i am only rating it this one star, only because my daughter didnt like it. its every babys choice on what they like, and it just didnt work for her. I am sure this is a great pacifier though, and love how its all natural.
The post said 2 packs of the pacifiers. There was only 1. But they arrived super fast! Only reason i bought them because i went to every store around me and no one had them but they are a bit high in price for 2 pacifiers.
they sent me the smallest size,my 12 y.o. daughter cant even wear this thing.and why is it so expensive??all it is is a piece of fabric.i know i ordered small,my wife is small,but she cant use this thing as a headband.....
Doesn't have a quality also when I got it wasn't in original pack just in envelope with out pack but supposed to be  baby stuff needs comes with orjinal pack .i just put it in trash can when I got it .that was pice a s*** .
I was extremely disappointed when these arrived! It did say colors may vary but they should stick to gender neutral colors! I ordered these for my son and when they arrived they were both pink pacifiers! Very dissapointing!
the zipper broke on this cover the first time i was putting it on鈥ven before the baby was born. the fabric was thin and poor quality too. i like the design but the cover doesn't help me out with a broken zipper! poorly made.
I am not sure if it's the shape or the larger size, but my baby just doesn't like it and prefers advent soothies that she got at the hospital. It also changes color a bit once it is sterilized ... so seems weird that it would.
I received a pacifier that looked nothing like the picture. It was plain teeth holding an american flag. How is that funny? I am very disappointed that I will not be able to give this as a gift at the baby shower I am going to.
i was very disappointed in the quality of this bag. i purchased it because it's large and matches our carseat.  i carried it less than a month and the straps started to tear. that's pretty sad when you pay so much for something.
If I could leave 0 stars I would. They had sharp plastic mold marks.i cut myself on it.dangerous. thankfully it was me and not the baby. Plus the nipple part instantly went flat. It's garbage.do yourself a favor don't buy these.
I tried these and Avent pacifiers.  These are shorter but harder then the Avent.  My baby didnt care for these much at all, his lips would get tight like he refused to take it.  The avent didnt work out too well for us either th
I could have gotten this stuffed bear from the dollar store! its not soft at all, overstuffed so my child cannot even use it, and the material is so awful and cheaply made that it already has a hole in it. don't waste your money.
maybe it is because i didn't read the manual, but this car seat is hard to get out of the car!  it requires two hands to unlock it and then the baby gets jerked from the movement.  would not buy this product again because of that.
i can't say anything about the content, because i didn't get to look through these books or read them with my toddler. i took them out of the packaging, and got a nasty cut from the sharp edges of the pages. i'll be returning them.
the fisher price version is much more interesting to my 11 month old. he never really warmed up to this one, always went back for the fp version. of course loves the real deal so i bought a $5 real remote on amazon that is all his.
The item I received was obviously used.  The box had been opened and the plastic on the product was smudged.  When buying something to sterilize and clean items for your baby it's really important that the product hasn't been used.
i bought these bottles thinking my son could hold them better because they are wide, but the nipple pushes into the bottle over half the time and soaks my son no matter how tight you put on the lid. don't recommend anyone buy these!
i do not think this necklace help at all. i bought it because my friend's kids use it and they told me it help, but my 15months old baby is still crying in pain for teethining. i didn't see any difference between wearing it or not..
i wish i could give it zero stars. it's always blinking or flashing green lights. can't go upstairs without static. after six months it crapped out and it needs battery replacement even though it's constantly plugged into the wall!!
the negatives have this one right!! this is by far the worst sony product i have ever purchased. the beeping noise will drive you absolutely crazy, the range is pathetic, and the money is not worth it. please do not buy this product.
i bought these bottle after reading the reviews in the gumdrop pacifiers. these are horrible bottles. every single one leaks like crazy at the bottom. can't even try to use these. buyer beware save your money and buy something better.
I ordered these pacifiers because they were different than the styles I had seen in the stores but when they arrived they were not the ones pictured they were the plain pink just like you can get any where else. I was so disappointed.
I thought that the Wubbanub would be more weighted to help in stay in my baby's mouth, kind of like a Beanie Baby. But, it is not weighted at all and didn't do much at all to help the paci stay in my sons mouth. I returned the product.
do not even waste your money on this carrier because it sucks. it's either very tight on the baby. not to mention the straps get all tangled and are complicated to figure out once you untangle them. we just threw this pos in the trash.
very bad experience for this shopping. When I using the fan to dry up the bottles it's working on first second  then somke is coming out. If  I'm not  living in oversea I will ask for refund. I just very very unhappy with this product.
i washed these sheets before trying to put them on the mattress and they have shrunk so much that i cannot even force them on. and now that i have washed them they cannot be returned. i am extremely disappointed that i wasted my money.
I bought these for my son and I was very disappointed when I got them! The nipple is horrible and small. The only thing nice about these pacifiers are the nice looking logo on the front. Otherwise I would not recommend these to anyone!
i ordered this pacifier because it was advertised as being a hawaii medical gumdrop pacifier. even the seller name is: hawaii medical. unfortunately i received a jollypop pacifier instead. highly disappointed in this false advertising!
the brush worked fine the first 2 weeks but then individual plastic strands started to deteriorate and tangle up. after about 6 weeks the brush had literally turned into a hairball of plastic and was tossed into the trash. bad product.
cheap and poor quality.  i received the bibs and the stitching is already coming off (without even using/washing it).  the backs are also made out of a cheap plastic, which i do not like.  the sayings are cute but do not buy these bibs.
These pacifiers are not the same as the ones you purchase through a retailer. My daughter loves this brand and she would not take the ones I purchased on Amazon. The sucking part is a yellow color and I'm not even sure they are silicon.
This is a total ripoff.  It looks nice, but remember the 4 C's?  That's right, they tell you how many Carats, but what about cut, clarity, and color?  For my child, nothing less than a vs1 or an F will do.  Hold out for a better diamond.
bought this 'same' unit last year but this year's model doesn't fit.  too tall.  need to crush it down to be able to fit the cover properly and make it fit. too much bother to return.  hopefully it will still work in this 'crushed' state.
The description was not clear enough to know this was a pacifier for newborns.  I was looking for a specific size and shape and had to take a gamble to see if it was what I was looking for.  I lost and wasted my money from my perspective.
I received one of these 0-3 month pacifiers in a gift set and LO loves!  Tried to order more as not sold in babies r us or target.  Received 0-6 month pacifiers instead.  They should change the listing so it reflects what they are sending.
Thanks God I try first one not on pacifier. Smell which appears was so terrible and strong that I have to open the window and wipe the surface with alcohol pads several times to kill it! I put all the rest wipes to the garbage immediately!
The pacifier doesn't stay in my newborn's mouth unless his head is facing up. It rarely stays in when he tilts his head to the side, which is a majority of the time. Its also difficult for him to latch onto it. The nipple design is flawed.
Newborn and 0-3 months are not the same size. 0-3 is noticeably larger. I tried those with my 2 week old, but they were too large for him.  I was lead to believe I was ordering newborn. I did not need another set of 0-3. Very disappointed.
I didnt even want to give this a one star!  this medicine pacifier DOES NOT WORK!  the hole is to big, medicine just comes pouring out, and the pacifer part is hard plastic!  My child choked on the medicine.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!
this solar light only worked for about a week.  i even changed the battery in it and it still didn't work again.  it's pretty and when the wind blows it twirls, which is nice, but i wanted a solar light.  so i don't recommend this product.
Very disappointed. It was not the same as pictured. For $7 I could have found something cuter locally. This was just see through pink, no glitter. And the zebra stripes are very light gray, not dark. Will not order from this company again.
dryer sheets smell great in the box, but leave no smell at all on clothes. very disappointed and wish i didn't waste the money on 2 boxes. your regular brand name dryer sheets work better that's these expensive ones. don't waste your money.
these aspirators do not work. i purchased a second one thinking the first one i bought was s did, but nope. spend your money on something else. the bulbis too hard yo decompress and when it does its way too slow to be effective. cheap junk!
Very unhappy with the quality of this bear.  Every time it is touched fur comes off in clumps.  The auto off function does not work.  The eyes are not safe for babies and could be pulled off.  This item is not safe for to have around a baby!
Everyone raves about this pacifier but my daughter has hated it from day one! She doesn't care much for any pacifier, but she disliked this one the most. We're using Gumdrop and NUK (when she'll take them). It wouldn't hurt to try it though.
Product stated as multicolor, not mentioning any particular gender. Received it and found out that one of them was pink. I've checked and seen these comment before. Definitely would suggest to avoid them. I have a boy so theres no use for it.
go to becoming mom and you can get the exact same thing for $30.00. i don't know why it is so expensive on here but  it is a great idea and i will use them but i will not spend that much money. i'm hoping it is just a typo but you never know.
It arrived in a plain, unlabeled plastic bag.Has really strong plastic smell and it became cloudy after sterilized. Highly doubt it's BPA free.  I had to throw it right away didn't even let my LO try it. Don't feel this product is safe to use.
My son never used these...since he is a boy and the ones I received were pink...so I can't attest to whether he liked them or not.      Maybe it's just me, but colors may vary just doesn't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutral.
The shape did not work for my baby at all. He much prefers the gumdrop pacifiers. We completely gave up on these after a couple of days. We did wash them in the dishwasher and they came out just fine, so that was a plus as far as cleaning goes.
i would not give this to my child!!  the package fell apart, i'm guessing because it was old.  the liquid had brown particles floating in it.  i did not return is because it would cost more to send back that the product cost so i threw it away.
I have had two children and neither one of my kids have liked or even accepted or taken these kinds of pacifiers. Not the brand just the style. My husband bought these not knowing. (Not having been there during the earliest months of our first.)
it was cheap, hard and uncomfortable and i would not trust it strapped to a chair.  the tray was very hard to put on and then get off.  if the child was choking you would not be able to get them out immediately.  i took it back, needless to say.
I was bummed when I received these because they were girl colors, not the colors shown in the picture. No where did I see that colors may vary so I was expecting the pacifiers in the photo. I can't really use a pink and purple paci for my son...
it's a great product while it works, which is about a few months at best. like all the other negative reviews, we exchanged this item every few months because the projector stopped working properly. there's clearly a problem in the parts/design.
bought four of these shades only one is working and it is because i haven't tried to put it up or down, the other three came down and wouldn't go back up, i worked with them along time and can't get them to rewound so i took them off the windows.
This is a very cute pacifier holder, but not very logical. It is too heavy for a small baby and would yank the pacifier out of their mouth. I got this for my two year old. He used it to smack people with the beads. I made it into a cute key ring.
I thought i was going to recieve these adorable paci's that was shown one having a car and the other having a plane on it i was so excited!! Until i opend them....one had a motorcycle and the other a lions face馃様 i never seen that option listed...
unfortunately the reviews i read were correct.  this does not at all suction to the bottom of our tub.  it is not a completely smooth surface and this mat does nothing but float in the water.  guess we will have to try and find another use for it.
fits iphone 6 plus perfectly but one of the diamonds fell out and i keep having to use super glue about once a week because the chain of diamonds on the border keep come bf loose. very pretty but i think it should not be used as an every day case.
i bought this bassinet for my first child and it broke within a month! it is not sturdy and is made of plastic and cardboard, do not buy this product. it is also almost 2 times more expensive then other bassinets i have seen that would be sturdier.
i read all the reviews and although i cannot say it is a bad pacifier, all i can say is that my daugther hates it.  She screams when we try to give it to her.  But children's sucking preferences are different and my child does not like this one bit.
These are not the same as the ones from the hospitial. My baby at 4 months kept spitting these out. These are very thick. Too bad Hawaii Medical (the ones who made the hospital ones and now I think solld as Jolly Soothers) didn't trademark 'gumdrop'.
These were terrible!! The paint started coming off right away. It only took a couple days for the Mariners symbol to ware off. Then, the binky part cut in half. Dangerous. Glad we caught it before my baby got it caught in his throat. Do not get these!
I am not going to get a chance to see if my baby likes this, because it arrived open (box AND inner bag), and the top of the nipple looks very scuffed and worn, as if it's been used and chewed on.  Not worth paying to send it back.  Won't order again.
i'm very unhappy with this stroller hook. during the first use it broke and now just hangs open and no longer latches. nothing was done to it, no excessive force used to cause this. it only had one lightweight bag on it. i do not recommend this product!
i baught this walker at my local walmart, because my son was getting bored with his jumperoo. the trays dont stay attatched, his seat is always coming undone, and he can pull the toys out and throw them across the floor. i don't recomend this to anyone!
just received these today & they are junk! one of the earring shafts are bent & the backs just slide up & down. defiantly not a screw on. also cheaply made, you can see a big glob of glue under the pearls where they have been glued on. very disappointed.
gate was delivered on time, but box seemed to be opened and used. plastic zip ties were already cut, like product had been returned before. product was dusty and dirty. there were no instructions and took two hours to put up. very disappointed in amazon.
going to be honest... its fucking cheaply made! i really wish i could show a picture of how it looks once its put together... the pieces are not welded right which makes the whole damn thing twisted and uneven.... don't buy if you want your child to live.
I washed these pacifiers with soap and I rinsed it very well but I guess there was some soap stuck inside because when I gave it to my 2 week old daughter there was soap bubbles coming out of her mouth!!! When I took the paci from her it was full of soap!!
I was extremely disappointed with this order; these pacis are the only ones my newborn can keep in her mouth so I orders 3 pairs of them. The nipples on these pacis are NOT like the actual MAM brand nipples at all so my baby cannot use them. So irritating!
The more I thought about this product, I lost confidence it was safe for a kid/baby to place in it's mouth.  I think it was shipped from overseas, there should be some assurance as to what it is made of to make sure it is safe to be in the mouth of a baby.
I just got these in the mail. There was only 2 and both were clear. After going back to see what I had purchased, the picture shows 4 for $5, but then I read the fine print and it says it only comes with 2. Learn my lesson! The picture is false advertising!
app freezes from time to time and we don't feel it is reliable for an all night monitor. app is also difficult to get more than one devise or allow more than one user to view simultaneously. good for monitoring for short periods of time. would not recommend.
Tried it with both my kids. They push it out in seconds. I was very excited about this and I realize different kids have different preferences, but mine just didn't like them. When you wash them in the dishwasher or sanitize them, the color looks very weird.
Be careful when you order the Newborn Pacifiers by Soothie from Parents Favorite on Amazon Market.  I paid for and ordered the Soothie brand. Instead, they sent me the Avent Soothie pacifier.  I could have purchased these at Walmart and not paid for shipping!
I bought bottles and received pacifiers.<br />The picture contain bottles and the title of the product is Pacifier.<br />I didnt pay attention to the title and bought based on the picture. Pacifiers were delivered.<br />Mistake of amazon.com<br /><br />Denise
the sound on the monitor often cuts out, so we don't even know if the baby is crying at night! additionally, the camera screen started to get fuzzy after just 3 months.  also don't like that you can't adjust the camera left/right, or up/down, from the monitor.
disappointed with this product.  the ink pad arrived dry as a bone.  i had to sprinkle water on it which created a horrible mess.  did not wash off easily as described on label.  my son still has ink under his nails from 2 weeks ago!  would not purchase again.
we had a &#34;normal&#34; marathon 5 years ago and loved it.  this seat is impossible to &#34;easily&#34; install.  it's bulky and heavy, and impossible to clean.  i am really disappointed with the clicktight addition and wish i could have my plain britax back.
The giraffe it's attache to the pacifier, so every single time that you want it to wash and sterilize the pacifier (which must be A LOT if you are a clean person) you're a gonna have a wet giraffe, even when you clean the pacifier carefully... Super Unpractical
at 8 or 9 months old, my son was strapped into this chair and threw his body forward with enough force to face plant onto a hard wooden floor with the chair on top of him.  i was able to watch it on the monitor that has replay and it was totally scarry.  avoid.
I spent 10 dollars including shipping for one of these when I could have purchased 3 for 10!  Buyer beware, BabyHaven is aware that there are better deals and when I brought this to their attention they ignored me.  Do your research, much better deals elsewhere!
what i got was just a throw, doesn't resemble the picture at all. no pillow, the picture on the throw isn't even the same. where's the set? sooooo disappointed, especially for the price. if your sending just a throw, say it's a throw, not a set that's not a set.
I followed the directions and my son still spit out his medicine.  The nipple of the pacifier was/hard and he hated sucking on it.  I had better results putting the medicine in a medicine syringe, pouring it into the nipple of a bottle and putting it in his mouth.
The paci is so big my kids hate it. Seems to take forever to take a temp, by the time it's done they are crying and it's been out of their mouth several times because of the size. I love the idea but this one isn't for us. I don't think it's returnable or I would.
big letters on the box side says it works with ipod.  the truth is you need an older android phone to operate it.  once you get the right phone, then you are able to play songs from the ipod.  very deceptive, never buy erector again, got my first set 50 years ago.
Doesn't stay in my daughter's mouth. Covers her nose, so obstructs breathing. Don't waste your money. I bought this as it was a cheaper option to the Gumdrop brand. Should have paid the extra money to get the ones I liked. These are just going in the garbage now :(
Really depends on each individual baby.  My personal experience was that she couldn't keep these in her mouth.  Similar to the Soothie style pacifier which she also finds difficult to hold on to.  For her, the Nuk is the best.<br />It really is personal preference.
i returned this item the same day it arrived.  one other review stated that it looked like it came from the dollar store and i would have to agree. it has a space for a plug for a/c power but no adapter was included and it was not compatible with any adapter i had.
This feels like a knockoff! Not a soothie attached but a very similar looking pacifier. The puppy is not a weighted stuffed animal like the others. Came in a plastic bag instead of the normal packaging... Will be returning once I can replace it with the real wubbas.
We got this because his paci was falling out, and he woke us up every hour to put it back in. We couldn't figure out how to get this to stay in place so he could find the nipple on his own. Maybe good if you start using it right away, instead of when they are older.
I'm sure my nephew would have love the pacifier but we not shipped this item. it turned out to be a clip for a pacifier instead with a barn yard theme. we wanted it for his halloween costume but didn't want to pay the the return shipping on such an inexpensive item.
i don't know what all the hype is about.  it's an overpriced metal baby bottle.  you obviously can't microwave it because it's metal, and it's hard to tell how much fluid you've put inside because it's not translucent, you have to look at these little notches inside.
i don't even think they used the right material to stick to walls. i have other decals and they went on fine, so it's not a user error. it was up about 10 min before it just peeled off the wall and fell on the floor. don't waste your money. it's just a cheap sticker.
i bought this for my toddler and he loved it.  it is a great size and not too fluffy.  then i washed it after a few days of use and it is now completely ruined.<br />the stuffing is now a hard little ball and the pillow is now completely worthless.<br />waste of money
Always slips right out of my babies mouth.  Seems like he wants it but just cant hang on to it.  Maybe too large? We switched to Dr Browns pacifiers.  My baby does really well with those.  We also use the Dr Brown bottles so maybe thats why.  I breast and bottle feed.
i liked the product while it lasted. despite gentle use and painstakingly counting my wipes before filling the pouch one of the two cases i received split by end of the zipper after approximately one month of use. the concept is great, but quality is obviously an issue.
This is really more for the seller than the actual product. If you want these binky's, just go to Target and get them. You might pay an extra buck but at least you get the right colors. I ordered what was pictured as Blue and Green, and I got Hot Pink ones. For my son...
This is one of those nonsense things that you think that you need when you are expecting your first baby.  Well, once the baby actually comes you will never use this.  Also, the creepy light made me feel like I was doing something far worse than just rinsing the paci off.
I paid for 1-3 day shiping so it would be here on time for my baby shower it's been 5 days allready  and still havent got it nor will it let me track wear its at, im verry upset with this cause this was the game my baby daddy and I both really wanted to play at our shower
the color is great, the material is super soft & washes well. . however, the elastic gives out making the sheet useless! i would not recommend that anyone buy this. loose bedding in a crib is very dangerous, carters needs to change the elastic used in making these sheets.
does not fit my crib. will only fit cribs with a straight ledge. mine curves and is thicker. underneath the canopy is stained an orange yellowish color. not worth the money at all. trying to find return instructions is the hardest thing i have had to do on here in a while.
I realize that these are made thicker in order to be safer for our little ones but my 7 month old will not take these pacifiers at all. He's not even remotely interested and just tosses them to the floor. Such a shame because he really loved the 0-3 month soothe pacifiers.
I hate this thing. It is so hard to get the medicine in the chamber and when you push it down to get the air out the stuff quirts all over. Plus I needed a VERY small amount (1ml) and the smallest measurement was larger than that. Maybe better for older babies like over 1.
we bought this car seat for travel (airport compliant and folding compact for travel).  this seat is very heavy, difficult to install, has many sharp edges, and the restraint system is awkward to adjust and release.  for the price there are better options. not recommended.
bag was fine when we left it at the door of the plane, when we arrived at our destination, it was outside the door of the plane busted open at the seem.  even if it didn't burst open, it is very hard to carry, a should strap would really help, not a small handle like it has
my package arrived with oil stains all over the box. my belly oil leaked at least 1/3 of the bottle because they didn't care enough to close it correctly. and it must have been old because when i bought another belly butter from target, the texture was completely different!
this gate cannot be closed with one hand and isn't that easy to open either.  it is also very loud when opening and closing--lots of clanking and banging.  wish there was something better out there but this was really all i could find when it came to top-of-the-stairs gates.
these don't work.  the first one we bought worked, but the other two just slide right on open when the slightest amount of pressure is applied.  doesn't even keep our one year old out.  very expensive little items, and hard to install, to end up not working even a little bit.
i ordered this for a co-worker's baby shower. the co-worker is having a boy and the shower was race-car themed, so it seemed perfect. unfortunately, when the gift was unwrapped, the beanie and bib and shoes were all pink. it is not gender neutral and now i'm left embarrassed.
we were so excited to get our new car seat! we were disappointed because the shade was permanently bent. it only pulls down partially. also, the buckle gets stuck sometimes. i'm going to call customer service to see if i can exchange our seat. i felt like it was cheaply made.
The seller didn't comply with description , after purchasing the Hawaii Medial Gumdrop Pacifier - Newborn, Natural Scent (Pink), I realized I received the Full-term pacifier. Hope others choose another seller in if they want to receive the right product, otherwise, good luck.
i am exclusively pumping for my little one and needed a manual pump to help empty my breasts after using my electric pump. it hasn't even been a week since this arrived (used it only 4-5 times) and it has already lost suction. not worth the buy! look into another manual pump.
I expected the matress to be firm but this one was as hard as a rock. The matress my playard came with is softer than this (which isn't very comfortable in the first place). Will be returning and looking for another option to help our 18 month old sleep better when we travel.
we received the chair in good shape from amazon. it is vey comfortable but very difficult to assemble. the snap for arm rest cushion are terrible, not fit each other at all. my husband has tried everything but still not able to make it fit. still don't know what to do with it.
My 7 month old son also managed to put the entire pacifier in his mouth.  If this had happened during the night, he would have suffocated.  PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THIS PACIFIER TO YOUR OLDER BABY!  I can't believe that these are on the market.  This is a tragedy waiting to happen.
i was excited to find this bib for my grandson.  i thought the black background would be great for hiding the stains that normally plague baby bibs.  while that is true, i was very disappointed in the appearance of the bib after the first wash.  the decal cracked and withered.
(teal) i stacked this item with diapers for the first time and the tie broke from the weight. very cheaply made and would not recommend to anyone. pay a little more and get a little more. however, amazon was extremely awesome when i wanted to return and credited me right away.
Not a fan. As much as I wanted to love these, they're just not for us. Not only did my son hate them, they're not very solid so he can literally bend it into his mouth. It even says it on the box that this can happen and you can pull the paci out if your child is choking on it.
I ordered these pacifiers because they are shown here as being neutral in color, but I recieved blue pacifiers with trucks on them!  And I have a girl!!! Its ok to say colors may vary if they work for both sexes, but this is not acceptable. Needless to say, they are going back.
i am a huge fan of the summer infant play yard that this product goes with but this canopy is absolute junk! we bought it to shade our son on the beach during vacation and it broke the very first time we used it!! save your money!!!! completely unsatisfied with this purchase!!!!
we bought this border to go around the room to cover where the two colors we used on the walls met.  our paints were pink and purple and you could see both the paint and the dividing line through the paper.  this paper was so thin and cheap, any color will show right through it.
This is extremely annoying that I had no option to choose girls or boys, I needed in a rush and the few stores around me rarely stock up on the bigger size pacis, of course I receieved GIRLS. I ripped package and really do not want to waste time returning. Wont be ordering again.
I ordered this binky for my daughter and when you wash it, the color of the binky fades and it becomes quite fuzzy.  I also ordered the monkey one and don't seem to have any problems with that one.  I would not order this particular one because of the poor quality of the product.
i set this up as a &#34;bathroom&#34; for puppy training. the gate is awkward to operate, might be easier on a floor inside. in a wind storm the&#34;bathroom&#34; got blown around some and the frame of the gate broke clean through in the lower right corner as seen in the picture.
I was very upset when I received my products because even though I knew that colors may vary, the seller gave me the option among girls and boy colors... I chose boy colors then I received purple and pink pacifiers to my baby boy!!!<br />If I weren't in Brazil, I would return it!
i was so excited  to pump hands free - but close inspection of the box revealed that it only works with beautiful beginnings style bra - bogus!  you need a bunch of loops in your bra, and none of my other medela bras or otherwise have them - make sure you have the right bra first!
i would not recommend this monitor.<br />i am on my 3rd one(motorola sent me replacements...but i've exceeded the amount now) and my son is only 18 months. between the sound not working, the screen not staying on and the up/down motions no longer working only after 6 months of use.
although i love the color and trim and the idea that it is organic cotton, i am looking for a new hooded towel and wash cloth for my baby.  the terry is very thin, and it is so rough i cannot believe it is intended for a baby...i would not even want to use the wash cloth on myself.
this product is perhaps nice, however not for all three wheel strollers as described on the web site. so, i'm returning it.  on the package is clearly written it zips to all runabout tri-modetm  model strollers. if this info was provided on the web page, i would not buy this product.
This was a great thermometer while it worked. Now it keeps taking temperature readings whether the scan button is pressed or not. Quality control seems to be very poor so please do yourself a favor, and look for a more durable product. At least for me, this was a huge waste of money.
this is not a perfect fit for the graco pack n play!! the corners of this mattress sticks out and is very dangerous for your baby to sit & stand.  please do not buy this, i really want to return this item but i already threw away the packaging materials..there's my $$$ down the drain..
I ordered these months ago and they were the only pacifiers my daughter liked.  I ordered more, and when I opened them, I saw a whole in one of the pacifiers.  The other ones look they are prone to the same defect because there is a weak spot at the seam in the front part of the nipple.
deeply disappointed. wanted a flannel sheet as the weather is turning cooler.  the fabric is so thin and the weave so loose that it bears no resemblance to real flannel. putting it right back in the package and returning it.  shame as the price was good. do not waste your time or money.
I was expecting something that would be made of natural ingredients especially since it is used on something that my baby puts in her mouth.  After using a wipe I feel like I needed to rinse that off too.  Would only use wherever water is available to rinse off the residue from the wipe.
Before buying this particular one I asked if it was the bigger one not the newborn and was told yes buy a fellow customer who had purchased these... Sadly it was the smaller one and my son who is almost 13 months wont take it cause its to small. Last time I ever shop on line like this...
these are just the same as any other wash cloth except they are smaller and softer.  i like the bigger baby washcloths.  there just isn't anything special about these.  except for the sponge.  i love that.  i could have saved myself some money just buying the sponge, but i didn't realize.
i was going to buy this sterilizer, but after reading many reviews saying the unit broke down right after the 90 day warrenty, or before it was a year old, i now don't be getting it. for over $50 bucks it had damn well better work for over a year!<br /><br />oh well. back to searching....
THIS HAS A PROPOSITION 65 WARNING!! THIS IS THE RIGHT FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENCE TO KNOW IF A PRODUCT CONTAINS POTENTIALLY CANCEROUS CAUSING MATERIAL AND CHEMICALS!! DO NOT BUY!! I HAVE CONTACTED NUK AND AM CURRENTLY WAITING A REPLY TO FIND OUT WHAT COULD MAKE IT POTENTIALLY CANCER CAUSING!!
i was excited for this snack dish, but after taking it out of the packaging, i've realized ours in completely defective. if i pick up the top, the bottom falls off. if i pick up the bottom, the top falls off. it doesn't even take a slight pressure to knock the halves apart -- just gravity.
the bear was cute, but his fuzzy hair came off on my grandsons hands. not good, since everything goes into his mouth. we were hoping the womb sounds would comfort and relax my grandson, so he would sleep better, but it didn't seem to make a difference to him. disappointed to say the least.
SOOOOOoooo hard to open -- and then the kiddo just liked to rub his feeder on the ground :-/  I got this thinking the holes would be better than the silicone style (hard to get stuff out of that), but even if my baby had liked this - it wasn't worth the hand strain trying to open and close.
i did not recieve what i thought i was getting!!!! the main image is what i wanted but what i got was the smaller image!!! the larger on is a better quality product while the smaller image is some bad piece of what should be called garbage!!! they both broke after 1 use and it was ridiculous
great monitor in the beginning. after 13 month (1 month past warranty), the camera lost the ability to move and zoom in. too much money for something that'll break in 13 months.  like i said, it worked great for 13 months but i rated it one star because i expected it to last a little longer.
a cool idea.  give it to a toddler and tell him/her that they have to hold it by the handle for it not to spill.  or not to drop it because the bowl will pop put.  yeah right, see how well that works for you.<br /><br />it's now a toy box item.  one step above the trash can.  save your money.
decided to try these for my daughter because they were a good deal and i liked that they came in packs of 5.  unfortunately my baby wouldn't keep them in her mouth.  maybe because they are too small?  didn't get any use out of them at all, stuck with the tommee tipee pacifiers which work great.
I never give my baby pacifiers before and he is now 8months. I got this because it says 3m+.while trying to place it in his mouth he just scrambled it from me and started chewing on it with his gum and giggling and muttering all.sorts of words. Buboo,baba,babadada laaa,mama,tabatabdaalaa. Lol...
it is so difficult to open/close, i just leave the gate open and move it around to get around it.  it is made of cheap plastic and looks it.  the color isn't white or off-white but a gray so it doesn't blend in.  it's probably worth $5.  i will most likely donate it so someone else can pay that.
i think this was quite stupid in all honesty.  sure, i could have looked at the dimensions but i thought the pictures were misleading and they could have showed a kid holding it to show the actual size.  regardless, it was cheap looking and just wasn't impressive what so ever.  will be returning.
The WubbaNub s were new and as described but the package deal was to receive 3 and I only received 2.  I contacted seller and never heard back anything.  Very disapointed!  I always buy these for baby gifts for people since I know my son loved them but I will not be buying from.this seller anymore!
I use soap when washing pacifiers and the rest of the baby products. If you use soap on this particular pacifier, you can't wash it out. Any way you try to turn the pacifier to get the water stream to wash out the soap, the soap is unable to completely escape. We are back to using regular soothies.
this is a total piece of junk.  i've only used it for about 3-4 months and the red foam broke off.  in addition, the hook shimmies itself to the side of the handles of the stroller.  awful product and poorly designed.  i thought the heart was cute but it's so not cute when it comes to functionality.
i bought these bottles and i thought they would leak.. and i am so right! they did leak! i really liked them.. and they seemed like a good idea.. but i have had them leak each and every time. when you are breast pumping your breast milk is like gold. you can't just mix up another bottle.... dislike!
hi everyone i would not recommend this set to any one. it's looks like a tiny peaces of the fill from the blanket comes out all the time and gets into  the child's mouth and nose. very not happy looking for something different 50$ to the garbage.<br />looks very cute on the picture, but only looks:(
Not a good product.  Concept Is good, but it closed on baby's fingures while holding it.  It also closed when it hit the floor which was good, however, it was hard for baby to hold onto and it would close in her hands.  Didn't hurt her, but she could not open it so she would just throw it.  Not good.
I ordered this a few months ago and put it away, thinking that I would open when I needed it. Well, my daughter was running a high fever the other night, and I opened this up, sanitized it, and TRIED to use it. It doesn't even turn on. I had to drag out the regular digital thermometer that she hates.
We have the tiger one and we love it.  Elephant is not attached to the pacifier at the correct angle, so you can't lay the elphant down with the pacifier in baby's mouth on the same angle.  Wish I got another tiger or a longer animal.  Won't end up using the elephant unfortunatelly, wasted our money.
Um you can see inside the babies mouth, also the baby is expecting food as it is the same shape as a regular bottle nipple, babies mouth is wide open when sucking on this, I'm not saying, I'm just saying its weird and the baby didn't like it, go to Walmart and get any of the other 100 kinds, same s#!t
i bought these at walmart (2 for $7) and loved them at first but just took them out of the cupboard and there is mold growing b/w the plastic pouch and lid. it looks as if it should be sealed there and there is no way to clean it out and so sadly, i will have to throw them out. don't waste your money!
when i chose to purchase a toy with a giant suction cup on it, it was because i wanted that toy to stay put wherever i suctioned it.  this is removable from the suction cup so easily that my 8 month old tore it right out and tossed it to the floor.  she can also remove the suction cup.  not impressed.
The link says it is a 13.3&#34; sleeve for Asus..when I got the sleeve in the mail, on the package it says 12&#34;<br />I wanted to return the item since it was suppose to be for 13.3&#34; and is NOT, but due to product being flammable I can no longer return the item. :(<br />I do love the color though
we didn't realize this was a plastic bottle prior to purchasing, i would not recommend this product. this product is completely not what i expected. it leaks everywhere! it is completely not spill proof! even when you close the top it spills inside, it is an absolute disappointment from a brand i trusted
Love these pacifiers for my daughter, but when I recieved them there was a hole in the end of one of them. I didn't realize this until after she had swallowed a lot of air making her very colicy for the next week. Please be aware that they may have holes. Disappointed in this purchase. Switched pacifiers.
this only fits siliskin brand cup. no one has cups that are what they call &#34;standard&#34; that would be a 2&#34; diameter cup. i didn't even bother returning it. it's just a random toy getting kicked around. it's a great idea if it had some more stretch to it and actually fit several sizes of glasses.
unpacked it xmas day - we all loved it, it charged, changed colours, charged and now wont light at all. we have tried charging again and left it charging overnight - have tried every position for charging , pushing the bottom buttons etc. - going back today , clearly something is wrong. very disappointing.
I had high hopes that my daughter was going to latch on this product thinking it is the same product produced by Hawaii Medical... Turns out it is not, as I clearly see now by Tomy.<br /><br />It did work for my baby! Cute colors but I must say for a breastfed baby it is too glossy abit hard and very fake!
I ordered these pacifiers for a baby boy and I ended up getting pink color pacifiers. I was really disappointed when I opened the package. There is no way I can use this pacifiers. I really wish there was an option to choose color. As it is a complete waste of money to buy a product which I'm never gonna use.
there is a hard plastic board on the back of the seat padding which is not safe for children who like to rest their heads on it. my baby had a cut on the back of her head when she turned from one direction to another. the plastic board is sharp enough to cut the skin as the fabric of the seat padding is thin.
I liked this sling because of the pockets, and it looks cool, BUT it hurts if you wear it for more than a few minutes.  I also have a new native baby sling which is fabulous, and never hurts because the part that goes over your shoulder is wide. <br /> <br />DON'T BUY IT. DON'T REGISTER FOR IT.  Go New Native.
Why are just two pacificers over $13???? I just assumed &#34;2-count&#34; meant that it was two packs of two given the price. I can't send them back because I needed them right away. But this was a total rip off. Order then from the other suppiers on Amazon for far less --$7-ish. Don't make the mistake I made!
watch out this product only comes with one replacement nipple. for only a few dollars more you get the actual sippy cup-much more worth the money. i thought this was a pack of three, big mistake. i was going to get two packages, but a good thing i didnt. if i had it to do again, i wouldnt have made the purchase.
this is the second set of these i have bought, thinking the first was just defective... dummy me!<br />the monitor just blew up in my kitchen and scared me to death. it is only 2 months old!<br />soooooo disappointed in this product.<br />does anyone know where to get a reliable baby monitor with a large screen?
This is the most useless pacifier clip ever. The design is attractive and the stitching is nice but all that matters nought when the clip to secure to baby's clothes is so short and weak. Really worse than useless cause the clip just falls off all the time and baby ends up mouthing it and toy falls to the ground.
My 7 month old son also fit the entire pacifier in his mouth yesterday and would have suffocated if I hadn't been there to get it out. So scary! I would urge you not to use this pacifier. The fine print in the item description recognizes this danger and says to only let your child use this with adult supervision.
I bought this for my granddaughter and was diaappointed to find that the paci could not be removed for cleaning or changing to a different pacifier, as baby grows.The concept is great, and there  are other manufacturers who do make units where the paci can be changed out.  I wish I had done a little more research.
i was given one as a gift. after using it for about 4 or 5 months, the plug connection in the back of the warmer rusted. a week after i discovered the problem, the plug stopped charging. i filled out a warranty from and send in the request for a replacement over 2 months ago now. i have not heard from prince lion.
these are really cheaply made.  after installing them all, i found that most of the catches (either the hook part or the eye part or both) broke when i tried (gently) to open the drawers to test them.  they are hard and brittle.  maybe i got a defective batch, but there is no way i would even buy this brand again.
wanted something for my 4 week old to fit in bc he just wants to be carried all the time. this is not the product for it. he disappears into and it does not support any part of his body. i'm so disappointed because i wanted to like it and use it. not worth the money whatsoever and will be returning it for a refund.
without fail, every time we put our son in these, he leaks through. i always thought perhaps we pushed it, but yesterday i did a test. each time the diaper leaked after 10 minutes of being on. they soaked his clothes and our bed sheets. wonderful bonus (not!) for an exhausted mother of a newborn! waste of a diaper.
Horrible, I ordered this set specifically for the cow, it didn't come with the other 2. When I told them they said they'd reship so I let my kid have the other ones, then after they said they'd reship I get an email saying they are out of that one. I would have returned them all had I known I wouldn't get that one.
My baby girl had a hard time finding a pacifier that she liked besides using me as a pacifier. I saw great reviews for this product so tried it out. Definitely a hard nipple and still at 3 months old, she doesn't like it. It IS a shorter pacifier than normal, so she doesn't gag, but she doesn't like how hard it is.
well, this product is good as described but the only problem that i found was the paint from the bird is coming off and that's is my only problem with this bouncer because babies will chew in all the plastic toys but this one is the only one that i notice the paint is coming  off. just be aware of this paint problem.
it does not work!!! this is nothing less than a scam!!! i lost all trust for this company. unbelievable!  who the heck rated this crap 5 stars anyway?! probably someone who got paid to do that. the battery cover didn't close, the static is ridiculous and you can't even hear anything even when my baby is moving a ton!
i hate this diaper pail. you have to push down and pull up to drop the diaper in which is not an easy task when you have a dirty diaper in your hand. gross! i wish i registered for the one that had a foot peddle. oh and it's a never ending expense with having to buy the refill bags but thats with all the diaper pails.
One of the pacifiers, the clear part that goes into the babies mouth was completely cut in two.  Missing a large chunk.  I'd return it, but what a headache.  I ripped open the packaging never thinking they would be damaged.  As a mom, I don't have time to be running to the UPS store to send this back for a replacement.
What used to be my salvation nearly became my nightmare today. My son (6 months) put his soothie into his moth sideways. He began to choke. Thank all the stars above, I was there to get it out of his mouth! I will be removing all of his soothies. Especially from his bed! I would urge any parent to use this with caution!
I received this set today with two pacifiers. I washed it before give it to my 5 weeks old baby boy. Guess what did I see, there is water stay in the pacifier! Is this mean this is a broken one? Or it's just a low quality pacifier? See pic I attached.I want to return it, but I already opened other bottles! Don't buy it!
I'm giving only one star, because my baby absolutely hates these pacifiers. They are really long, oddly shaped andhard material and I cannot understand the good reviews. I undertand that babies are different (mine likes MAM), but my experience with these pacifiers was not good and therefore won't recommend getting them.
the thermometer is totally counter-intuitive. if you've lost the directions, you'll never figure out how to get it working. even if you do, the readings are totally inaccurate and range by several degrees over a few minutes. i'm going to the drugstore to get a normal, under the tongue, old-fashioned thermometer right now.
It is very inaccurate. I used it for a body temperature and it read 97.9... My son was actually 101.5. I t always reads 97.9 for his temperature and my temperature. The surface temperature is also way off. The only one that is the most accurate is the room temperature. If I had the package it came in, I would return it...
This is a terrible product.  The suction cups do not work at all, so it slips all over the place.  Despite the cushion it is not comfortable at all, and baby slides around in it.  Most importantly, the underside of the blue seat bar is rough and can scrape and cut your baby.  In my opinion this product should be recalled.
my daughter doesn't like this chair.  she has trouble sitting on it and standing up.  she cries when we've tried to get her to sit on it.  she is showing all of the signs of being ready to potty train, but this potty is not making her happy or making her excited to try.  we are going to have to buy another potty elsewhere.
it works.  but compared to the other bottles available out there, the material is flimsy and the design is cheap.  and good luck cleaning those tubes after each feeding. i use it once in a blue moon when we go on a long car ride,<br />lo is screaming for a bottle and we are unable to stop and feed him.  not worth purchasing.
i have purchaed other advent products and had great experiences. but this was not the case with this product i'm uncertained if it's a manufactures defect because it leaks. my daughters always has spills on her blouse when ever she use it. i'm tring to wean her into cups so i thought this would be ideal but it's not effective.
i ordered the red set. i received purple and the seller says that there is nothing wrong, and that product is as described. i sent them pictures and they apparently don't see the difference between red and purple. they are literally arguing with me about the color. my butterflies look nothing like the picture, not happy at all.
i bought this because i had read reviews that it would work on a brick hearth, it turned out to be a complete waste of my money. the tape it came with is in fact very sticky, but not nearly enough to work.  i am back to square one, minus the money i wasted. if you are concerned about tabletops and the like, this is a good choice.
I bought this for my child before he was born.  I had a c section and my family tried to help by setting up everything for me upon my return home with the baby. By the time I went to use this product for the first time it did not work and my family had thrown away the box.  Now I am stuck with crap that never worked.  DO NOT BUY.
i purchased 3 of these and i was not able to create 1 normal hand print. the clay mold was not of the right consistency, since i had also purchased other similar products and was able to compare the different clay molds (those had softer, better consistency). i ended up throwing all of 3 of them away, definitely a waste of money.
These are the worst bibs on the market!  The pocket doesn't catch anything and the fabric just soaks through.<br />I would only recommend buying the Perfect Pocket Bib from a company called Goo-Goo Baby.  Best bib in the world, and the pocket really works!!!  Not like these ones.  They are biodegradable too.<br />Jen, mother of 4.
I bought this to use for my newborn and 2 year old. I took it to the mall yesterday and it was a nightmare, turns are impossible! I returned it last night and am giving the duoglider by Graco a try. It's got much better ratings. Don't waste your time on this one just because it may look better and has a cool toy. It's not worth it!
I hope I could listen to others' reviews about its rolling problem. It is EXTREMELY HARD to steer!!! on ALL surface! And it's getting worse and worse and worse when your baby gets heavier. Besides, its basket is super small. I can only put in one diaper bag, and with some small clothing. That's it. I won't recommend this to anyone.
sticker was mailed white u cant even see it on the wall. i guess they expect you to have black walls to see  sticker i asked for a return the emaik back said &#34;it said it was white&#34; but the sticker picture is black. how stupid is that to only sell white stickers but have a picture of a black one! dnt buy i dnt recomend at all
this is my 2nd purchase of this monitor. the first time i had to replace it after 18 months because the screen unit would no longer take the ac adaptor. now, 3 months later guess what problem i'm having again! luckily i'm under warranty this time, and i will be getting a replacement. this is the last time i buy anything from motorola
I got this as a backup for my son. He has a blue bear with brown polka dots by blanket and beyond. Loves it. Was ecstatic when I saw this online. Ordered it and was so disappointed...  His is large.  The blanket portion is big. This one was small and was like a cone so to speak... Didn't open up flat. Super cute but not the same thing.
hate them but i can't find something i would like. these shells leak all the time, i use them to collect milk while nursing but normally i've somehow spilled it by the time i'm done nursing, so i end up soaked. it shouldn't have so many holes, one whole on the top to empty it (like  they used to make them long time ago) would be better.
Not good. Every time I wash this thing under running tap water, the water gets collected inside it. Very annoying to have water sitting in the little cavity when I want to use the pacifier. Now I just wipe these with the pacifier wipes, but AGAIN - washing should be the first and an easy option thou, sorry to say; with this one it isn't.
love the bright colors but this mat doesn't hold up well at all.  if you have pets, expect lots of tears in your mat...my dog walks on it and it causes holes.  i've had it for 5 months or so and i can only use it one one side, if i flip it over the corners curl up because it does not lay flat.  spend the extra money and get a better one!
yes they're cheap but the quality of the fabric is really poor and it does not look very good - also it is so thin that i am not sure that it would make a difference to a a cover or not - i'd rather put a towel underneath my baby - also i had purchased the la baby 4 sided pad and these covers don't fit well at all. so i had to return them.
Before opening the package you have to make sure the soft part of the pacifier is doesn't have the classical latex light brown color (as this indicates they are not made of silicon but latex!). I didn't realize this and opened the package... my daughter doesn't like them at all (already used to silicone pacifiers).Thumbs down for Nuk here!
i was so excited for this item. i was extremely disappointed the first time i used it. and then the second and third time. it had small gaps around my nipple no matter which way i applied them. this lead to milk pooling, leaking and then making a big mess. it may have been my physical makeup but these didn't work for me no matter what i did.
have been through 2 of these monitors now. the first one worked well for 9 months and then just quit. (note: we lived in a rural area then so it may be why it worked well for as long as it did). the second we got did not work straight out of the box. we had no picture and it would not hold a charge. will not be getting another video monitor.
Way too difficult and frustrating to open.  I threw mine away. The Munchkin Deluxe mesh feeders are my favorite and then the Sassy ones.  Be sure to buy the mesh feeders with the cover.<br /><br />Buy this one:  http://www.amazon.com/Munchkin-Deluxe-Fresh-Feeder-Yellow/dp/B00JQSITZA/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1424874593&sr=8-2&keywords=mesh+feeder
Cheaply made materials. My daughter (2) just got hers. It cracked when she stepped on it ,and the second one got a hole in it from her just nibbling it (she nibbles at her MAM pacifiers all the time, and has ten of those. None of them have a single bit of damage from her nibbling.). In my opinion, it's a bit pricey for not too good of a product.
my wife and i purchased 2 sets of these monitors for use with our 2 children.    both monitors broke within ~12 months from time of purchase.    i reached out to the manufacturer and was told that the warranty is only for 12 months.    if we had known that these baby monitors would only last 1 year, we would not have spent the $200+ for the item.
i loved this wipe warmer at first...it has a nice light. it warmed up wipes within 2 hours. the wipes were a nice temperature.  but all of the sudden, ours stopped working.  i bought a replacement moisture pad (not sure of the actual name) that goes in the bottom of the warmer and still, no luck.  what good is a $35 dollar wiper for 2 1/2 months?
i sent this combo to my grand daughter for her new born twin girls. she was most delighted. it arrived on time and in perfect shape. her husband was  able to put it together very easily. as the girls out grow the(all together)  2 in one bed, i will send them another one when they move into their new home.  thank you so much as it was the perfect gift
Had to replace the nipple as soon as I got it. The one it comes with doesn't keep suction through the tube to keep the milk flowing. Also, regardless what I did, after a few seconds the milk would stop flowing and my daughter was never able to get it started mt herself so I was always messing with it. So it was just easier to hold the bottle for her.
unfortunately, you can't choose to get a foot or a hand. they assign it to the customer randomly. however, there are real differences. the hand has fingers wide enough apart that a baby can stick a finger in his  mouth. the foot has no separation between digits. it is one big clump. very difficult for baby to put in mouth and not too comfy once there.
it broke first day.  I emailed the company they told me contact where you buy and i contact jr.com but they dont relpy yet and I dont have time for to call them ship them etc..  so i need to buy a new one and it wont be kidsline for sure.   so if your time valuable then don't buy this brand it may brake easily and you have to spend sometime to fix it.
this is definitely not a quality piece of furniture. i knew we were not buying top of the line, but i have purchased cheaper and more solid \\fake wood\\ pieces from target and walmart. there are scratches all over the wood, and i definitely anticipate more. unfortunately we were pressed for time, but i definitely do not recommend this piece to others.
we love sassy spoutless cups in this house. our one year old twins won't use anything else. we have been searching for an insulated cup for them and when i saw these i knew i had to try them. sadly, they leak all over the place. i know i am putting the lids on correctly as we have other cups like this. i'm very disappointed and now on the search again.
i bought these to use on my son when he was about 18 months old and i also bought a different brand at the same time... i did not like the piyo piyo ones. they are too thick and have a rough edge that i really don't like for getting a clean, gentle cut. i can't imagine trying to use these on a newborn or infant - i don't even like using them on myself!
these won't stay together after having them for a month. the velcro loses it stickiness after just a couple of weeks. i literally thought that these were a hand-me-down because they were so useless. my wife set me straight, these were purchased on our baby registry very recently. we threw them away and got other bibs that worked much better soon after.
every single one disintegrated within two months of use. the quality of this product is not good. if you wash it on cold and line dry, you might have more success, but who has time for that kind of work with a newborn.  it's also very difficult to scrub out the poo even when using oxyclean.  i washed in warm water and dried on low but they still failed.
i only gave this a 1 start because the description they give you is false.  it only fits the original co-sleeper and i bought this canopy for our mini co-sleeper.  they should change this description as it is very misleading.  the pack slip i received also states different \\this is for the original model co-sleeper only.  does not fit any other models.\\
this chair is cheaply made. the back on ours broke. i removed fabric to see if i could fix the interior framing and found that the framing was two 3/4 inch plywood strips that were sure to break and they did. the cushions and arm paddings flattened out very soon after a year of medium usage. i expected a much higher quality of product for the price i paid.
Do your research before buying this seat!!! Consumer Reports specifically recommends not choosing this seat. They say that when used as a booster, the seat belt guides do not allow the seat belt to move freely. The Cosco Summit high Back Booster is better, and totally recommended by CR. There is also an Eddie Bauer version for those wanting a nicer fabric.
I have bought lots of the Wubbanub pacifiers, but on a recent Amazon purchase, I decided to buy ones that are called Wubbanub, but by a different manufacturer; Mary Meyer. It came, I washed it (like all others) and it fell apart when I pulled it out of the washing machine. This has never happened with the real Wubbanubs, so be cautious and buy the original.
I specifically paid the difference to get the pink elephant wubbanub. Instead I received the plain gray elephant wubbanub with a sticker on the back of the package that says Mary Meyer Ella Bella Elephant wubbanub. Very disappointed. The packaging it came in didn't have any return labels or anything as well. Too late to get it in time for Christmas anyways..
cute gate and quality materials used, but i have tried it on the inside of the door frame, on the door frame, and even across different walls outside of doors with no luck on making a secure grip. either my apartment is completely abnormal or the measurements for the gate are off bc my 2 lb kitten can knock it right over making my purchase completely useless.
We understand that the listing specifies colors vary but we thought they'd at least be neutral colors.  We received two hot pink pacifiers for a boy.  It really isn't that hard to create multiple listings for the various colors.  Shame on us for believing that the colors shown might be the colors delivered.  Do not buy from seller until they fix the listings.
i was really disappointed in this item. i thought it was going to keep track not just the last time i changed my son or the last time he took a nap, but i thought it would keep how many times a day i did this. i would suggest if you have a smart phone, just get an app - which some are free - because you'll most likely have that on hand more than you have this.
i should have read the comments before i ordered.<br /> i had the same result as they did. not a user friendly item.<br />i also have used many stick on items from small to large. by far this one was the hardest to try nad use.<br /> it also ended up in the trash can. and yes the picture is not the size you get but the dimensions are on the product description.
I would give the Mam pacifier a 5 star, but I'm rating this particular item with 1 star couse you do get any color, bought 2 for my son and got a green set (good) and a purple set.<br />They list an Item model number that correspond to the blue one in the first picture, but you will get any. so save your time and maybe pay a bit more but buy the color you want.
I wish the pacifier I received was as vibrant looking as the picture. The sparkles are pretty much nonexistent, you need a magnifying glass to see them and the princess is written in a barely there silver tone that actually looks partially worn off... I am really sad to have to have to give my first bad review out of the many purchases I have made via Amazon. :(
This pacifier keeps closing on my son as we try to give it to him, although it hasn't pinched his fingers it has mine while trying to open it back up. He personally doesn't care for it, and will accept the gum drop ones over this thing. Great concept, but clunky and unsafe design. Just buy cheaper ones, and keep a few extra ones on hand for when they are dropped.
both my wife (a registered nurse) and i tried using this as specified in the directions, and it consistently gives low readings.  my son's temperature was 101 (according to two other thermometers used several times) and this said several times it was only 96.  get the exergen comfort scanner for $10 more instead, it is what our pediatrician uses and actually works.
You do get what you pay for, and even though I only bought this as a gag gift for a pregnant niece, she will not be receiving it. It came in an envelope with no plastic or anything encasing it. just a pacifier in an envelope. Even that I probably could have gotten over, but it has black specks all over it that obviously don't belong. Too gross to give for even a gag.
This is a hilarious and adorable pacifier, there's no doubt, BUT IT IS A HUGE SAFETY RISK!!<br />We have only had ours a month and when I was washing it in the sink the nipple came detached from the base. If this had happened in my wee ones mouth he could have sucked it back and choked!!<br />Buyers be wary! There's no way the cute photo will be worth your kid's safety
Our baby was born at 37 weeks and I thought these would be great. Hospitals must get these free from Avent. I was told to use all their products but they are not satisfying to newborns nor stay in their mouth more than 10 seconds. The bottles are the same---lots of hype about breastfeeding flexibility but instead give newborns so much gas they are in pain all the time.
unfortunately these are the \\best\\ items sold in the usa for keeping your younglings in a \\safe\\ place.  this product is easily movable and wobbles, regardless of the shape you put it in.  the only way we were able to get it to stay still (because yes it is the best sold here in the usa) was for us to anchor it.  even then it still wobbles and moves just not as bad.
My baby only takes these soothie for 0-3months. Now that she is 7 months and she's got one tooth out, we purchased this. My baby doesn't take it at all. And it keeps coming off her mouth. I think it is much more harder for her to suck. I understand why the material has got to be harder and thicker for older babies but if they don't take it at all, what is the point at all?
i cannot comment on this product because we never received it even after a month we placed the order, never had a word of apology from the seller either.<br />we have been looking forward to receiving the item for our 2year old son but ended up wasting a month waiting for nothing...<br />no idea how the product is like but the company should improve their customer service.
I was not impressed with this at all. It's so big and bulky that baby can barely get the nipple in his mouth with the case that surrounds it. Also when it falls on the floor it is supposed to snap shut so it doesn't get dirty but that doesn't always happen. I would just stick to regular binkies and clean them yourself in a close bathroom or buy the pacifier cleaning wipes.
This seems like such a good idea, but my daughter hated these pacifiers. They were always snapping shut on her, and the closures seemed to press into her face and not be comfortable. I offered them over and over, but finally gave up. I found one in the car months later that I'd left there for an emergency, and I offered it again, but she still couldn't keep it in her mouth.
I was given this binky at the hospital, didn't read the packaging and therefore didn't know that this was only for babies 0-3 months. My 6 month old put the whole thing in his mouth and thank God I was right there because I was able to get it out before he suffocated! I threw it away immediately and want to warn other parents about the dangers of giving this to an older baby.
battery died on the first one. i stupidly replaced it, mainly out of desperation since i needed one right away and couldn't find another battery or another thermometer. doesn't work. just keep getting error codes. very frustrating. now have $80 worth of thermometers and can't get an accurate temperature on a feverish baby. throwing out all three. suggestions on one that works?
we bought this product and it came with a bottle of bubble solution. after a few minutes our baby was teary eyes because the bubbles burned her eyes. now how can something made for the bath tub to bathe kids not have tear free bubble solution is an absolute question to me. producers of baby products with such little thoughts in development or marketing should not be in business!
and my dog ate the rubber part and then spit it out... that must mean something. In fact, the only cool thing about these is they glow in the dark. But, I would rather not have my daughter chew on glow in the dark stuff. That's just me. Although, they did come with covers and in a hard case so that happened to be awesome and helpful for other bubbies I purchased. Thank you Avent.
i have ordered this carseat and when it arrived it was the old version without the gracopedic foam, 3x more eps foam, and no travel pillow. i called and they sent out another seat. same outdated seat sent. i will not compromise my angels safety. if graco added more eps foam, then the booster needed it. i want the item very badly, but i want it as described, with the new advances.
Sorry to write a negative review, but we had no use for this item. I ordered it when my granddaughter was very small, but this giraffe is so tiny it doesn't help in anyway to keep the pacifier centered for her. She is now 7 months old, and she has never been able to use this. (it is too small of a pacifier for her now obviously or she might) She doesn't even like to play with it.
i thought this would be an amazing product. sadly very wrong. it works ok as a seat to put over a toilet seat i guess, but to use as a standing potty for emergencys a solid no! i tried to use this in my suv at the fireworks for my son to use, but the second he would sit on it it would collapse. so flimsy! not to mention if you have a boy there is not pee guard. very disappointed.
i ordered this mirror thinking i could use it with a rear view mirror to see my son while driving in the car, but it's not a real mirror... it's like a fun house mirror in a haunted house or something. it's actually a bit scary for him because nothing is recognizable. also, the stand is flimsy, and the straps are too, making it hard to even use it if you wanted to. i'm returning it.
while i like the concept of table toppers, this one is not one that i would recommend.  it sticks well on most surfaces, but the print on the table topper is too bright and distracting.  our 1-year old sometimes can't spot little pieces of food lying right there in front of her!  i would have much preferred a simpler design (preferably without cartoon characters) and a lighter color.
don't waste your time with this product. your child will easily get liquid all over themselves. it doesn't spill but it leaks! how? the nipple is separate from it's base and if your baby clamps down on the nipple and distorts it's shape or pushes the nipple into the bottle (which happens so easily) it unlaches from the orange ring/base around nipple and the liquid comes streaming out.
i hate this thing. i heard great reviews so i bought it hiping itd help with my discomfort. i'm 5'2 and 140lbs (7 months pregnant.) i don't know how anyone finds a comfortable position with this thing. it's super firm and not flexible at all. my body just doesn't fit in it. i want to return it but already threw the packaging out like an idiot, so i guess i have a $50 cat bed. awesome.
not a great buy. i don't think there is any difference between the original and deluxe. it does not provide more support. the squicky things are fun but useless as they are position too high for beeing touch by babys feet. i had to return it. it was pretty hard to put baby in and take him out.... my son is almost 5 months and didn't have fun at all. he loves the bumper jumper though....
I order this product because I love the skiphop brand. I have their diaper bag and thought the pacifier pocket would be great to go along with it. From day one I noticed the button on the strap was not the best and I read from the reviews other people had the same problem. But, I really wanted the product to work.... needless to say my pacifier pocket and pacifiers are somewhere in NYC.
I bought these to have extras on hand but these are not the same as the ones I bought from Rite-aid originally. Or the one that comes with a wubbanub. For whatever reason, my son refuses to take these, but took the wubbanub that I bought at the same time, and continues to only want the original &#34;soothie&#34; versions I got in the beginning. These seem a bit thicker and less flexible.
the 1-star rating is due to the inability to easily adjust anything on the seat.  on the base, the recline foot does not work at all, but thankfully in it's fully extended position, it is level in our vehicle - a happy coincidence.  all moving parts on the seat and base are extremely difficult to move or adjust.<br /><br />on the positive side, i would so far give it  5 stars for safety.
I was originally excited to see these available. My son could find his binki without needing assistance. But I should have known that would be too good to be true. First you have to put it in the sun to be activated. Which with a new baby I could not remember to do. But secondly and most importantly it only glowed for 10 minutes. What is the point of that? We use it just as a normal binki.
i am really disappointed with this wet bag. the bag doesn't keep the moisture in. i put a soiled diaper in the bag, zipped it up and placed it in my diaper bag. i later returned to find that my clean diapers were damp from placing the bag on top of them. i have to place a plastic bag around the outside so nothing else will get wet. had i known this about the bag i would not have purchased.
My daughter is 5 mo old and this pacifier is WAY to big for her mouth, it chokes her! I don't understand how any baby could use this because I haven't had any problems with any other nipple or pacifier. She uses soothies on a regular basis but has tried various other normal pacifiera and had no issues. Size 2 Dr. Brown's bottles don't affect her this way either. The nipple is way too long.
My 3 month old loves this so I hate to have to give it one star but I am because I am so dissapointed with the quality. We received the order on Aug 22nd so we har had it less than 2 weeks and washed it per the instructions. One of the ears is already split open and the seam running down the middle of the it I already loose. I don't want to buy another one on sheer principle but she loves it!
don't buy this item supplied target!  they are shipping 2 spouts, instead of the 4 spouts they are advertising.  and, they are charging the 4 spout price (2 spouts are $6.99).  amazon apologized for the mistake, but since target supplies the spouts, there is nothing amazon can do.  however, amazon was very apologetic and they are refunding my money - as well as paying for the return shipping.
the description stated this gate would expand to 6 feet, but no matter what i did i couldn't get it do that.  out of the box it appeared that it would be easy to assemble, but it wasn't.  you have to extend both rods simultaneously or it will get too snug on one side, preventing you from extending the rod on the other side.  i ended up bending a rod just trying to assemble it.  i sent it back.
I very disappointed with this pacifier. I was expecting I will get the same soft yellow soothie that came along with the Avent bottles instead I got a very hard pacifiers. I would never try giving it to my 4 months old son and hurt his palate and gums. I also tried submerging the pacifiers in a not too hot water and see if a little hardness will go away but it is still the same, waste of money.
My child is both breastfed and bottle-fed. And while I get that every baby is different, these pacifiers are poorly designed. They slide out of my child's mouth way too easily. They need to be curved to stay in. When breastfeeding the nipple is supposed to touch the roof of the baby's mouth; these pacifiers just go straight back, hence the reason they fall out constantly. Don't waste your money.
i love the idea of this seat, however at 3 months old my daughter is already too big for it.<br />it also does not have a vibrating setting, which would have been nice.<br />the straps buckle very high and make it uncomforable for the baby to sit.<br />and does not recline hardly at all. for the price some more thought should have went into some of the basic things the other seats like it offer.
This product is useless until later in the pregnancy (when you are less worried anyway).  I couldn't hear anything with this (which of course was upsetting), although I could hear perfectly well with a better monitor. They told me I could get a refund but they claimed they never received it back and I got nothing.  I highly discourage buying this and instead RENTING the better/more-sensitive one.
This wubbanub works fine. And for baby, looks great! You can't tell by the picture, but the face of the bear is completely flat. It looks super odd from the side like someone punched the nose in. The belly of the bear is in the same fabric as the feet, which are ribbed - this makes it look like a crocodile. Baby isn't going to care about any of this, but adults should. It's kind of ugly in person!
i have a pink make my day bib that i loooove!! when i received this one for my daughter i noticed that it did not have the make my day emblem on the front as shown in the image and it was not the same quality as the one i had bought prior. it is made of a much cheaper product and am unsatisfied. was the one that i was sent really from make my day???? their name is not shown anywhere on the bib.....
the idea behind this product is great! i often struggle with my daughters squeezing pouches and making a huge mess so i was excited to find this. unfortunately, the closures are not very tight and they are able to open them and take the pouches out. was actually going to see about returning them. would definitely purchase in the future if the company figured out how to make them a bit more kid proof
My son could not latch onto this without my finger in it. Not sure if that's how it's supposed to work but makes it pretty useless. He latches onto other pacifiers like a pro. Also, the few times he was able to latch for a few seconds, it looked so creepy - like silence of the lambs or something - because you just see through the hole into his mouth as he sucks in. Hard to explain but just not for us.
I bought these pacifiers because they're so popular and everyone raves about them. As soon as I opened the package, I noticed a smell. I looked at the package (which was already open, so too late to return) and it said they were vanilla scented to appeal to babies. Yuck! They smell awful. Plus who knows what chemicals were used to make plastic smell like fake vanilla. I will not give these to my baby.
well my husband is huge cowboys fan, so for our grandson these looked so cool, and we have orderd the baby bottles for him and loved them, any way back to the sippy cups, they suck. my grandson turned red trying to suck on them and then throw them, my husband tried to get juice through them,and could not get a drop, so yes they are spill proof, but also drinkable proof too. look cool but kinda useless.
Our baby tolerates them but they are not the same shape at all as the closer to nature bottle nipples, which is the whole reason I bought them. She would rather suck on an empty bottle nipple; also the plastic packaging is not a case as it would seem. It has no means of resealing once the tape is cut. The glow is the only redeeming factor as it is nice to see if she is still sucking on one in the dark.
for twenty dollars, this product is not worth it. it doesn't clean all the little pieces at all. i still have to use a baby brush and soap to scrub everything down. you are better off saving your money and buying a simple bottle brush and munchkin makes a kit with all tiny little brushes so you can get into the cracks and crevices of everything. i use the dr browns bottles and this device does not work.
Warning! This is a novelty item only.  I bought this one because it's advertised as AVENT and it is, however, it is a piece of black plastic cut out in the shape of a mustache hot glued on to an AVENT pacifier. This CANNOT be boiled to be sanitized or it will fall apart which is not in the listing at all.  Suddenly I wish I had purchased one of the cheaper and sanitizer friendly alternatives that I saw.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT BUY THIS TOY! As cute as it gets, we loved it from the very beginning. But after just a few days I founD it right next to my son with the broun horne chewed off, and with stuffing coming out of it.  I was in SHOCK!! Do not even want to think what might have happend .<br />If there were 0 star rating I would have chosen it.<br />DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, DO NOT BUY THIS TOY.
received tho item in a timely manner, however am very disappointed. for $15, this chart is only a piece of thin, flimsy poster board with printing. it does include 2 sheets of stickers!  on top of this, the chart is not even appealing or cute as it has a big crease down the center where it was folded. i am sure i will not use this chart and would like to suggest that others not waste their money on this.
I used these pacifiers with my daughter, in blue and teal. So when I saw the same image on amazon, I didn't read the color disclaimer or negative reviews based on getting pink pacifiers. I didn't even know they came in pink. I now have a baby boy and won't be using a pink pacifier for him. And no exchanges based on color are allowed. The product is awesome! The inability to return is why I'm doing 1-star.
I purchased this and was only able to use it for a short two weeks, until it fell off of my diaper bag and is lost already!!  Other people's reviews stated that it fell off too easily, and I should have listened.  The strap that attaches it to the diaper bag closes with a snap, which is not AT ALL strong enough.  It falls off just from brushing against it.  Otherwise, it would have been a great accessory.
i received this product as a gift, and before ever using it, showed it to our baby's doctor. he was appalled and told (begged) me to never use it. the insertion tip is too long and can cause tears in the baby's rectum. i realize so many other reviewers found relief for their babies in pain, but i wanted to pass on what our doctor recommended and suggest that before using, please check with your own doctor.
this product is great for parents who would like their kids to sleep for up to 45 minutes, then wake up. those of us who would like them to sleep a little longer wish that it wouldn't turn off after 45 minutes! i have no idea what they were thinking? some kind of ridiculous liability issue?<br /><br />this makes the cute sheep useless. i'd recommend getting a cheap radio and setting it between am stations.
i never write reviews but was so disappointed in this and what's more important when baby is sick than dependable readings? started getting irratic readings within months, low battery. replaced the battery and still getting 95.7 on all the readings when my daughter had 100* fever:( do not buy this. i'm going to try a braun thermoscan, my third thermometer and write the company to dee if i can be reimbursed.
This product looked like a great idea, to help parents with sterilizing pacifiers that fall on the ground over and over and over. It was amazing to see the pacifier ready to use in just a few minutes. But the quality of this item is very poor! It stopped working after only a week of use, and it was already presenting some problems since day 3... My wife got really upset, and we are trying to return the item.
this has to be one of the worst products i have ever dealt with. it crashes or wont load the vast majority (at least 80%) of the time, which is the last thing you want to happen when you are trying to check in on your child. save yourself the money and the aggravation and buy a different product. i feel that this product is so poorly designed that phillips should either have a recall or list it as a novelty item.
the inside lining of the bag started coming apart at the seams after two weeks and the bag began leaking. further use showed that the interior lining was continuing to disintegrate and tearing to pieces. the only thing being carried was formula bottles, so this was not due to what we were using it for. bottom line: the quality of this product is poor and it won't last you a month before you are buying a replacement.
i have this bather for my son and i have always wrung it out and hung it up to dry after every use and always wash it in the machine once a week and still it has mold spots! it is quite disgusting and the pillow part smells. although the functionality of this seat was nice, they need to use a better fabric that is anti microbial. i am putting this in the trash today and am searching for something better as we speak!
My daughter will not keep this in her mouth for more than a second due to the oddly shaped nipple, which is not symmetrical an has an abrupt slope up and is about 25% fatter and longer than a typical nipple.  I tried it when she was 18 months and again at 24 months with the same result.  Also, just by squeezing the nipple, you can hear air shoot out, so crud surely gets in.  This doesn't happen with her other pacifiers.
This was purchased as a gift on my sister's baby registry. The product pictured shows four pacifiers in pastel colors. While the description does say you only get two, it doesn't say they are CLEAR, not pastel-colored.<br /><br />I can't comment on the quality of the product... I just want other purchasers to know they will be receiving two clear pacifiers. The product picture is indeed misleading, and should be changed.
I ordered these because they are awesome pacifiers. What I received however is not what is pictured. The little pictures on the front were totally different. It wouldn't be that bad if they hadn't sent me a pacifier with a big heart on the front, something I would not have purposefully bought for my little boy.<br /><br />I won't order these or recommend them again because It seems to be random chance what you'll receive.
I bought these pacifiers because of other reviews that their babies liked the pacifier, and they were breast fed babies. My son did not like these wish i would not have purchased them. I do like the design better that the ones that you get at the hospital. My son will suck on the mam pacifiers for a while. I think it is because these have nothing for him to get latched onto and the mam pacifier kinda bows out to the sides.
This is the worst bathtub ever.  We bought the infant deluxe fist with jets and the shower head did not work.  We took it back to Babies R Us and they told us that they were getting a lot back.....so we exchanged it for the original one and the shower head did not put out any water at all.......If you are looking for something that has a spray nozzle for your baby this is not the product you want to buy.....money wasted...
i spent so much time trying to place this monitor in a location where it doesn't play static. the amount of static varies based on whether it's plugged in (more static) or using battery power, where it's placed on the table, and whether or not you're touching it. it's so aggravating that i find myself relocating so i can hear my son myself rather than listen to the annoying static. i'm currently on the market for a new one.
I have never seen a pacifier as hard to use as this. First, there is no handle to hold it in place, especially when my baby keeps on fidgeting. The part to hold is no thicker than 1cm. Given my fat fingers, it was extremely difficult to use as I keep dropping it. Secondly, one has really to see which direction each flat part is facing as there is only one direction that can be fitted into the baby's mouth. Terrible structure.
this is a terrible product... for a couple different reasons. first it can e so folded in the plastic bag that my husband could not shake it correctly and it stayed like an oval shape no matter what we did. also the sides seem like the baby could easily push their face against and suffocate. the material is not breathable and thick. this product seems unsafe to me, i will be giving it to my toddler for her plastic baby dolls!
these nipples are not slow flow (\\first essential\\). they are way too fast for a newborn, or even a 4 month old baby. i'm very tired of amazon's inept product descriptions that are either wrong or misleading.<br />now i have to spend my time and gas money to take these back to ups and seal back up the package.<br />tell us exactly what the product is<br />show us the exact picture of the product<br />send us the right product
Buckle is horrible. Ours somehow went missing and when I called to voice my concern I was basically told that couldn't happen. Yet somehow our Buckle (the replacement from the recall) went missing from the time my son was dropped off at day care till the time he was picked up.  They are sending a new buckle but I don't feel cpmfortable using a car seat that the buckle can come off (I assume while my husband was pulling him out).
I was so excited to get this. My baby is now 3 months old and starting to reach for and hold things so I thought it was going to be perfect. When I took it out of the box I WAS SHOCKED at how tiny it is. The pictures made it seem so big, but then I realized that the pictures were of newborns, not a baby that is actually interested in holding the animal. Not only is the animal tiny but the pacifier is so small too! Waste of money.
I was so excited to get this. My baby is now 3 months old and starting to reach for and hold things so I thought it was going to be perfect. When I took it out of the box I WAS SHOCKED at how tiny it is. The pictures made it seem so big, but then I realized that the pictures were of newborns, not a baby that is actually interested in holding the animal. Not only is the animal tiny but the pacifier is so small too! Waste of money.
i've owned 2 of these. i used them with my first child. the foam seat is painted foam. it absorbs water from cleaning/rinsing and urine. the seats became molded and discolored. after research and phone calls to the company, i learned that they doesn't offer replacement foam seats.<br /> i like a cushion seat, so i purchased a step by step summer potty. the seat is vinyl covered foam, easy to clean, doesn't smell or absorb fluids.
I ordered these in hope that they would help my newborn soothe themselves, since I heard it was so highly rated. However, I beg to differ. When I introduced him to the soothie, my newborn had it in his mouth for maybe one second and it would keep flying out of his mouth. Horrible pacifiers! They do not stay in the newborn's mouth! Definitely would not recommend anyone getting this especially if you wish to calm your wailing baby.
My son has always hated pacifiers, but this one had to be the worst I've tried so far. Its not soft and rubbery. It's actually pretty hard. My son did not tolerate it whatsoever like he did for other pacifiers. Plus he didn't like the fact that it has a bent nipple. I was dumb to think he'd actually like it when a mother's nipple as well as bottle nipples have a full form. Which my son preferred. Avent soothie was definitely better.
sooooo, my daughter was grumping, diaper, feeding, gas etc.  after all the possibilities i set her down in the swing as my rocking seemed to calm her down.  after about 10 minutes she started crying again.  i got her out to see if she needed a diaper then the smell hit me.  it smells like burning!  i passed my daughter to my wife and then drug the swing out of the house into the yard.<br /><br />hope you have better luck then i did.
i bought 3 of these latches but they are completely unuseful for the type of cabinets i have at home so basically i wasted my money because i cant use them!! the knobs in my kitchen cabinets are too wide (they are rectangular) and so the latch is not large enough to cover them, therefore it is impossible to use them. i even tried cutting them but it did not work either. waste of money! i cant even use them in other parts of my house!
these cloth diapers are the worst. they shrunk about 2 inches and turned into a wrinkled mess after just the first wash! i use these for burp cloths, i have no idea how you would use them as diapers! i bought the toys r us brand and they are amazing! toys r us brand doesn't shrink at all, they keep their shape and they are sewn much better even after many washes!! do not buy these!! gerber brand (right) vs toys r us brand in the photo.
So sad that this WubbaNub is useless for us.  Our older daughter has had the Clifford one since she was a newborn and it was wonderful so we bought this one for baby #2.  It is useless though!  It has no weight to it so it doesn't stay in her mouth or on her chest and instead she pushes it out with every movement of her hands.  It stays in LESS than a regular pacifier.  Boo!  A friend is giving us the lamb and I hope that one is better.
my husband and i had a really tough time getting the seat into the tub as it doesn't sit flush on the bottom of the tub. it's nearly impossible to get our 6 month old into the seat. when we finally got her in, you can't wash her at all with the seat around her. what's worse is removing the seat from the tub. it completely fills with water and needs to be tipped over several times to try and empty. <br />this was a waste of time and money.
After my newborn used this paci for about 2 weeks his gum line started to form an indention. I immediately stopped using it and gave him the Avent for 0-3 months, and his gum line returned to normal in about a day. This also happened to a friends baby but they were to the point of taking him to a dentist to see what was wrong with his gum line. They were even recommended by their pediatrician to see a dentist and possibly an orthodontist.
it was terrible. i liked the design how it cleaned nipple. however the sponge started to fall apart within a week that i was using. i had very similar one purchased from oversea and it lasted really long time. i would not buy this product again. i was trying to get hold of the company's customer service for the quality but it was impossible to reach them. it was very inexpensive nipple cleaner but i would expect it last more than a week :(
this item is useless for an infant. once our son's cord fell off, and it was time for a bath, we put this chair in the tub. we had to fill the tub nearly 3/4 of the way for water to even reach half way up the chair. then it started to float! we attempted to put our son on it and he just slid down and off of it! it is impossible for only one person to use this item, unless you are content with giving your child a sponge bath in the open air!
i so wanted to love this, but once it is wound up you get like 2 seconds of spin. it needs a damper or something to slow it down. so i would wind this thing way up to get more like 5-7 seconds of kick-ass spin. only thing is i broke the rubber bands :-( and you need a crochet hook to string a new one up(comes with 2 extra bands). i broke all three and now my 2 year old lovingly reminds me everytime she takes a bath, &#34;daddy broke it.&#34;
I wish I had read recent reviews prior to purchasing this.  Check for yourself:  the extension does not fit!!  The male coupling of the extension belt does not seat into the female coupling of the carrier.  I bought a brand new galaxy grey ergobaby organic carrier.  Since I can't return the carrier (outside the terms of returns), I am stuck with something that won't fit.  I'm hoping a luggage repair shop or professional seamstress can help...
this is very poorly constructed stroller and its center of gravity is on the backside and it tends to fall to back.  even if you don't hang anything, it will just fall.  if you hang anything then sure it will fall.  it is very dangerous because your child will fall behind and in fact, that is what happened to my child.  i am getting rid of this stroller today.<br />very dangerous stroller unsafe totally.  i am so regretting that i bought this.
i did a lot of research looking for an &#34;on the go&#34; changing kit with a matching bag. i was so happy to finally found one and in a color that i actually loved. but when i receive it imediatly notice that they are not the same color. the wet and dry bag is vibrant and nice like the pictures. if they didn't look different, maybe i'd not pay attention but it seems to me that one is skip hop and the other is fake. i'm extremely disappointed.
i bought this thinking my son would have some cups he could use to pour water around but every singe cup has holes in it. all but one of the cups has such big holes that the water doesn't stay in the cup long enough to even take out of the water before it's already leaked out. also the pieces don't snap together very well and just break apart with the slightest movement. super cute though but not cute enough to make up for the lack of usefulness.
The bulb on this is HUGE. My 10 month old can barely fit it in her mouth and refuses to suck on it as she does her Natursutten and Ummy pacifiers. I also hate that there's a hole inside the bulb. I thought that it would be fine, but it actually does an excellent job of retaining water after being washed/sterilized, which is really just a breeding ground for bacteria. =/ I would recommend spending an extra dollar or so and getting a different brand.
the second i put this carrier on with my 30 pound daughter inside, my shoulders immediately started to hurt! i could not walk around the house for more then 30 seconds without wanting to cry. the child's weight is not evenly distributed between the hips and shoulder. you are holding their entire weight on your shoulders. it was immediately returned to amazon, which thankfully has a great return policy. if i could give the product zero stars i would.
um a new mother , nd i had to set my baby&#34;s feeding schedules...bcs initially baby dsnt know much difference between suckin and feeding ..and to avoid all time crying we need to pacify him time to time  ..i was using avent pacifiers previously n they came with a cap too ..for hygiene .. Then later..  i bought these to giv a try and  was really disappointed bcs my 2 month baby didnot like it at all...<br />  ..so um happy with my previous ones...:)
these are a joke. the crayon that goes inside the plastic sleeve falls out very easy. when you are done in the bath or shower the crayon is wet from use so it will continue to leak a colored water all over the tube until it is dry. cleans up fairly easy just annoying. this bath toy would do best for children at least 4 yrs and older. my two year old likes to make the crayon come out and either try to eat it or break it apart.<br />would not recommend.
this book is a joke. my 10 month old loves the lamaze books but when i received this the book smelled of mold. i have since washed it and still smells. i thumbed through the book only to see major errors. the word, &#34;kitty&#34; written upside down. the word, &#34;puppy&#34; was written on the outside of the flap when it was supposed to be inside (ya know, so it can be a &#34;peekaboo&#34; book). completely dissatisfied with this purchase. do not buy.
got some of these. they do not work as soon as the child figured them out mine at 20 months now finds the outlets incredibly fascinating and delights in taking them out and plugging them in. safety 1st puts in things that will work with an infant until there smart enough to figure them out. no challenge for my little boy all he has to do is pincer motion on the outside and it's out. also the prongs dent/permanently bend very easily, not durable for long.
i started using this product and was impressed with the quality. i was able to hear my baby very clearly. i liked that both parent/child units used a battery backup. but 2 months later things started to fail. one child monitor went totally bad. the other one still works but the number of places i can use it in the house really is limited. if i place the monitor in a place outside a select few then i hear a lot of static. i would not recommend this monitor.
this is the absolutely most horrible potty! the seat absorbs all liquid, and makes the seat smell like old urine! i can not get the smell out either. i always wipe down the seat with a damp cloth when my son is done with it, but that doesn't help. i have emailed safety 1st and all they want to do is send me a new seat. for what its just going to get smelly again. they only thing this potty is good for is the step stool. horrible!!! do not buy this potty!!!
We purchased 2 separate wubbanubs and were dissatisfied with both of them.  They both began popping seams and stuffing coming out of them within the first 3 weeks.  Out child was 3 weeks old and obviously not harming them in any way... just poor poor quality! Then when contacting the company and dealing with them they sent another... which has ZERO stuffing in it... they asked to send us another but after 3 out of 4 wubbanubs being broken we had had enough!
My daughter loved the feel of this pacifier and did not want to part with it. I love that they are made from natural rubber. They do, however, wear out super fast. After a month of use, the loop broke and the nipple was coming apart from the ring (CHOKING HAZARD!). I would replace it each month, but soon got tired of that, especially since they are pricey. I switched to MAM pacifiers and have had no issues with durability, plus my daughter loves her MAMs, too.
This monitor was terrible!  Even with the volume turned all the way up both on the child receiver and the parent receiver, I still couldn't hear my son.  Sometimes I would hear him crying from the other room but couldn't hear him on the monitor!  Useless!  I liked the light show so we bought the FisherPrice Flutter Bye Crib Attachment, which has a light show, and then traded this monitor in for the Fisher Price 900mhz monitor which has crystal clear reception.
i have ordered a pack of muslin square cloth 2 months ago, and it was good enough. i have bought similar product more than 10 years ago in europe, so i knew what to expect.<br />but this time i received a pack of 10 squares of flimsy material that is more like cheesecloth - rather rough than soft, with ugly seams on sides. unfortunately, i have washed them before i had a chance to look closer. otherwise, i would definitely send them back. such a disappointment!
I just received my shipment, I truly wish that it stated somewhere that you pay nearly $15.00 for one pack. The only details it says is that the package weighs 1 lbs. Assuming you get more with that weight. Unfortunately I am stuck with it because I can not find these at the store, my daughter found it and we need it. You also do not get to choose the color, I got blue, and she prefers yellow, pink or purple. So be it. On a positive note, I got it within 2 days.
when i first opened this blanket (keep in mind i bought six because i have twins and if we lost one i had a backup) i thought it was amazing! so soft and silky. then i washed it. the fur matted. i thought i could live with that because it was still soft. these blankets are going in the trash. i've washed them 10+ times and they are still shedding. they leave fuzz all in their bed, their clothes, on me, in their mouth, etc. save your money and buy something else!
these bottles look like toy bottles; not what i was expecting. they are super tall and skinny- not shorter and more round as the picture makes it look. i bought this bottle because i have a very fussy baby and refuses bottles- but this does not have any vents so i am concerned that even if she did take it i would be dealing with gas/colic issues more than i already am.<br /><br />i already opened the bottle packaging- i would return if i could. i will never use these.
I was looking for a quality paci for my baby but he hates the nipple. Even for a newborn it's way too small and pops out easily. Also when I opened the package the paci seemed to be coated in...something? Like an oil. Even after sanitizing the residue was hard to come off and reaked of rubber, definitely not something I want my son ingesting. We now exclusively use the MAM brand paci's and he prefers those nipples and they never smell or have a weird substance on them.
i bought this for my neices first birthday its cheaply made very small the carriages on the sides look like pak man symbols it doesn't have a very noisy raddle im not sure if it is even going to grab her attention i wanted it to be the main gift but it so small an cheap that it seems like just an extra detail so now i have to find something els not even un a solid plastic box just that flimsy folded plastic with a crumpled bow on the top very unhappy with this purchase
below is my original review. since then i have had time to experience the pains of this monitor even more. always loses signal. battery runs out almost immediately. great when it works, but thats only about 10% of the time.     \\just ok\\.... got a good price on this monitor otherwise would have been even more disappointed. good features in theory, but terrible signal reception so never get to use the features. we get the lost signal message when just in the next room.
the kit consists of old dried out clay that cracks as it dries (even though i kept covered with damp paper towel as the kit suggests), a straw to make a hole, a dowel rod &#34;rolling pin&#34;, and a circle cookie cutter that leaves ugly edges.  what a waste of time and money. these were for my one month old baby's feet and hand prints and they came out looking cracked and of poor quality.  don't waste your money. you would have better luck making your own dough mixture.
i can't believe that the manufacturer would try and rip you off this way. i am very shocked. our room is 9feet8inches by 10feet6inches and i was only able to do three walls!!! this doesn't include the last 10ft6in. wall! what size room did they have in mind a closet! <br /> <br />you have to buy 2 wall borders to do such a small room. i am so angry that i want to take it down and not even have the border instead of go out and spend another $19 to finish one wall! <br /> <br />
The pacifiers sent are not the pacifiers pictured. These are a different name, made in another country and the wrong size. Customer service could not be made to understand that just because an item is made by the same company it is not the same item. Different markets have different items/sizes.  Bottom line is you no longer carry a staple item I purchase regularly for my 2 kids. I can not be sure you will not send me the wrong item again so I am buying from another source now.
although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter, when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer. i left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck. terrifying. although these do pop open easily, they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child's neck which i find to be a serious design flaw. from a company named safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these!
this necklace isn't safe for children with teeth to chew on. my son only wore this necklace once. i bought this necklace so he could have a non distracting sensory item at school to chew on, and one that hopefully isn't as noticeable as a sensory item. the teacher took it away from him, and contacted me of the choking hazard. when i saw the necklace there was huge chucks missing on both sides of the pendent. i wouldn't recommend this necklace to anyone, because it is dangerous!
beware, this chair is very horribly made!! the springs pop out of the bottom with no weight on it. when you can pop them back in they sit extremely uncomfortably!!! my bottom hurt and was numb after just 10min. thought it might just be me but my husband is a very fit guy and sat on it for a total of 15min and was complaining as well. sadly the cushions aren't well made either. would highly recommend spending a little extra money for a chair that you can actually sit in and use.
My child took the newborn soothie pacifiers, so I thought these would be a good option that would eliminate the nose smushing that the big round soothie base causes. The profile of these is much better and didnt contact my child's nose, but she couldnt keep these in her mouth because the silicone on these is much stiffer than the soothie ones.<br /><br />We've kept trying these as my child has grown but even at 10 months she still prefers to play with these than to suck on them.
this had to of been one of my worst purchases.. ever! this was shipped separately from the two other items I had ordered and shipping for this pacifier turned out to be double the purchase price. ridiculous. I also received it two*ish weeks later than my two other purchases. customer service from Baby Haven was the worst and this pacifier certainly is not as sparkly nor are the zebra stripes that black as it is shown in the photo. the stripes are grey and it just looks super faded.
i included this monitor in my registry b/c it had pretty good reviews. i must have missed the reviews that revealed it's faulty battery and sound system. i have only used this monitor for about 5 to 6 months and the battery stopped charging and the sound is a bit off! we have always kept the sound low and the screen is always kept off when it is not in use. it's frustrating b/c we could have gotten a monitor for a cheaper price.<br /><br />i would definitely look for another monitor.
i purchased this gate to put at the top of my stairs, which are 34\\ wide.  since this products states that it fits doorways that are 29-40\\ wide, i figured, \\no problem!\\  wrong!  the 34\\ is just a bit too narrow to use the extension for the gate, so i had to extend the screws fully out from the gate to make it fit (about 4-5\\ of screw on each side).  this made the gate incredibly flimsy and shaky.  i am returning the gate, which is frustrating after putting 4 holes in my wall!
WARNING! This item in NOT an authentic WubbaNub! I purchased because my daughter loves her authentic caterpillar WubbaNub. This one came in a cheap plastic bag, unlike the plastic cylinder that is cute enough to gift like the authentic ones. The quality of this one is much cheaper, much smaller, weighted less than the authentic. I also compared the tags on the rear of the animals and the difference is obvious. LOVE LOVE LOVE the authentic, this one is going back ASAP. Hope this helps!
i got one of these bottles as a free sample and it was the only bottle my baby would take. i bought 6 of them. sadly, they would get cracks on the bottom of them and there was no apparent reason, they weren't dropped or handled improperly. every single one of them that we got cracked. contacted similac and they replaced the ones that had cracked, but they cracked as well. they would leak like crazy between the nipple and ring. i ended up having to switch bottle brands. very disappointed!
doesn't fit a graco stroller. graco strollers have to be taken completely apart for these to even begin to work. these are not easily used unless you cut them to fit them over bars. for some reason, even if you glue them to the handles, they don't stick.<br /><br />graco strollers need a different solution to the replacement situation. this product isn't it. i wish the product info would have said &#34;not for graco strollers&#34; in the description. i wouldn't have wasted my time and money.
I also received the pacifier in the wrong color.  I didn't read over the reviews because my baby was already using this brand of pacifier, so I didn't see the trouble others had written of.  When the description said colors may vary, I was expecting it to have a different design or some other slight variation.  I was not expecting to get pink with hearts on them for my little boy.  Now it always works out that the only pacifiers I can find when I am rushing out of the house are the pink ones.
i got these cups for my 2yr old to use. i was very disappointed with this product. the lid does not twist on very well, and they leak like crazy, not through the spout, but through where the lid threads to the cup. every time my daughter went to take a drink from the cup it would drip down the front of her.<br /><br />i was also disappointed with the quality of the cups, they are not much thicker than throw away plastic party cups.<br /><br />i definitely will not be buying this product again!
As soon as I put this in my daughters mouth she began to choke. I turned her over and had to pat her back and watch her choke. She was gasping for air as I was screaming and crying. Why would they make this product for infants!!! She coughed her medicine up with her foamy saliva. I was so terrified. She started to turn red and i just cradled her in my arms when she began breathing again. If I could give this product ZERO stars I WOULD!! Do not waste your money or put your child's life in danger!!
i was very excited about this product. we even ordered two. unfortunately the lights and sounds only last for 10 minutes and the remote doesn't work. my little girl gets so disappointed when they turn off. i was afraid in the future this may be a bigger problem so i ordered the baby einstein mirror which we love.  i contacted fisher price to ask for a working remote and they informed me they don't manufacture the mirror and couldn't help me. it stinks that companies don't feel accountable anymore.
was expecting alot with all the great reviews, but ended up having to return it for 2 reasons.<br />1.  it must be doused in chemicals as it smells like paint when you open the box.  not sure if it gets better with washing or airing it out.  it was so strong, i didn't want to try.<br />2.  it's heavy.  being this is meant for transport (picnic, park, etc.) and you'll be carrying it around, it's crazy heavy!  guessing that means it's really sturdy and good quality, but too heavy for me to deal with.
with my first child i was given the medela swing breastpump and did not like it at all. i found that it leaked and milk would get clogged in the main tube. i got mastitis three times in four months with my first child and i really think that this pump was one of the reasons why. i would also highly recommend getting a double pump over a single pump. you cut down on pumping by half, which is a must when you are sleep deprived or have more than one child. overall i was disappointed with this product.
We just opened this item tonight and we are on the couch and our baby is chewing on the arm of her new pacifier monkey doll.<br />It was too late when we notice. She was chewing on the hand and when we took the pacifier doll off her she is chewing on something then swallowed something. When we looked on the doll's hand, it has a hole in it the beads inside falls out easily.<br /><br />Legal complain will suffice on our part. Thank you.<br /><br />Other child could have it worst because of this item.
We bought two so wasted $30  We should have sent them back but just threw away after cutting off the pacifiers. I can't understand why any good reviews unless parents are stitching them up. I wouldn't take a chance on choking hazard as you would have to inspect after each wash and sew open seams? I don't have time for that. I really wanted to like them. I wish I had bought one. I hate throwing money away. One bad thing about buying online. If something goes bad you have to take the time to send back
this seat cannot be installed rear facing correctly.  our daughter nearly tipped over in it.  also the head rest pushes her head into her chest and the shoulder pads are so bulkly that no matter how tightly you adjust the shoulder straps she can still wiggle out of the seat.  she is so uncomfortable that she cries every time we go somewhere.  we have had to put her back into her carrier seat since we have returned this one and are now shopping for something else.  this seat is dangerous...do not buy!
When I purchased this, I thought I was purchasing a bracelet for an adult, that could be used as a teething instrument for a baby(while being worn by an adult) This is an actual baby bracelet to be worn by a baby and used for teething. I will say that it has a sturdy clasp, but even so, it is a choking hazard. A baby should not wear a bracelet precisely because it could be a choking hazard. Even with a sturdy clasp, all that chewing and sucking could undo the clasp (it is plastic that screws together).
Although this pacifier is cheap, Do NOT waste your money! We have a hard time getting my son to take medicine so I thought this was a perfect idea... Boy, was I wrong. The nipple on this thing is soooo hard. I can't even squeeze it with my fingers.<br />I gave it to my son to &#34;try&#34; before I put any medicine in it to see if he would take to it. He grabbed it, put it in his mouth, made a crazy face, handed it right back to me and said &#34;nasssy&#34;.<br />Needless to say, It went in the garbage.
because....my little guy could not sit without being squished. the seat does not recline back at all which means you can't put a baby in it until they can hold their head up well. even after that, if they fall asleep you are back to the slumping head. the only reason i bought this product was because it was such a good deal (on sale) but, i would never pay full price and am even debating returning it! its really a shame because most fisher price products are so good but, stay away fromo this one! trust me.
my mom bought it as a gift but this thing is horrible.  i had the hardest time trying to get it to line up properly to even use.  once i was 100% frustrated i got it lined up but then had to stand there and hold button so it would puree and it is loud.  my baby started screaming, which didn't help my stress level of trying to make my own food for baby.  i ended up using my blender, which did a better job.  i would not recommend this to anyone.  infantino should just take it off the market.  waste of money.
i fell in love with the boutique look of these cloth diapers when i first saw them. i also liked how they were a bit narrower than the bum genius diapers since my daughter is tiny. however, after using these for a few months... they are worthless. the outer material absorbs the urine as soon as it wets the liner. my daughter had wet pants after 45 minutes of wearing these diapers yesterday. these are now the diapers i only wear on her around the house, knowing they probably wont last longer than an hour :(
I finally broke down and opened this shower gift after my in-laws kept complaining that I was serving the milk to cold.  Either the bottle is still too cold, or I have had several bottles where it has heated them so that the milk burned my hand.  I am glad I did not believe the product information about no hot spots and tested the bottles first!  I only wish I had saved the packaging and got my money back.  Save your money, a cup of hot water works fine and my daughter does not mind if it is slightly cold.
when we purchased this, there weren't many options for us. my son work up way too early and we wanted to help him stay in bed a bit longer. for the price, this product should be much, much better. the clock function is tiny and very hard to program. after about 6 months of use, it broke and we've since thrown it in the trash.<br /><br />thankfully, there have been several apps developed that work well for us. disney has one that we love using.<br /><br />don't buy this, use an app on an old iphone instead!
What in the world were the manufacturers thinking when they made this product? I ordered one because I needed a paci case that was easily accessible and easy to clean. It would be great except it is impossible to open and close! After struggling with it more than a few times, it's going in the trash. When you are out and about and you need to grab the paci really fast to comfort a fussy baby, you don't have time to fight the case opening and closing it, and you don't want to break all your nails off trying.
I bought this mainly for the drying feature. Disappointed to smell a gross toxic plastic chemically smell every time it dried. It made the inside of the bottles smell this way too for quite a while which made me just feel like there were little particles of chemicals or plastic that must have been stuck to the inside of the bottles. Tried running it a few times to see if it was just because it was new but the smell still stayed the same so i returned it. If it wasn't for the smell I would have liked the product.
i bought this product thinking my 10 week old son would enjoy it. I set him in the bouncy chair and let the bear sit on his lap with it turned on. I was watching him and realized the fur was covering his hands. It wouldn't come off so I had to actually run his hands under water and I had to scrape his tounge off since he had it all in his mouth from his hands. I would think for the price that he material would be better and not just falling out and everywhere! Seriously though, the fur is a huge choking hazard!!
this thing is the worst piece of junk i've ever ordered! i've put up 4 metal gates throughout the house so far, and needed 2 more, so i figured i would buy this since it's so much cheaper than the metal gates...turns out, this thing is a piece of junk. i spent over an hour, trying to get it to stay up, but each time i let go the darn thing would fall right off! it simply doesn't extend tightly against the walls like it supposed to...instructions were vague...i packed it back up and will be returning it for sure.
please save your money and buy a different pump. this pump came in a nice carrying case and had an attractive price tag. however, you get what you pay for... within a few minutes of trying to assemble the pump i quickly realized that the silicone sleeve did not fit the bottle top and therefore would not hold suction. after 20 minutes of trying to force the parts together i gave up. the product is cheap. the parts do not fit together and it is useless. go with a different brand. if i could give it zero stars i would.
i am extremly dissappointed with this product.  the bassinet is not sturdy, it falls in and hugs baby somewhat.  the mattress pad is awful and thin.  we have now placed the baby in the bottom and there is a bar that you can feel through the padding.  i have called evenflo and they are not concerned about about helping me.  they documented my concerns and told me sorry you don't like your product.  wow, will never buy a product from them if they do not care about trying to help a customer with a not so great product.
I ordered these before my daughter was born (0-6 month size) and decided I wanted to order more because two was not enough.  I ordered them a week or so ago (same size 0-6 months) and the nipples are different sizes!  My daughter will NOT take the smaller nipples.  This is very frustrating because they are the exact same order of the exact same size!  I'm extremely frustrated because she will only take the original ones (I lost one so I'm down to one).  I'm scared to order again thinking they won't be the right size!
unfortunately i had to throw this away. i couldn't even donate it because it is a hazard.  the neck is huge, making the whole gown dangerous!  my baby is wearing 6 month clothing and this is supposedly newborn size.  last night he was wearing it and i checked on him only to find that one arm was completely out of the sleeve and had gone up through the huge neck whole. not my idea of a safe piece of clothing for baby!  into the trash it went!  i'm bummed because i love gowns and i hate wasting things, but there you have it!
this hamper would be great, but only if you never move it.  if you carry it back and forth from the laundry room, or otherwise regularly move it, it will fall apart.  the plastic support poles that hold it together break through the mesh and fabric easily, and slide out.  it started to come apart very early on, and was entirely useless after no more than a month and a half.<br /><br />at only $10, you get what you pay for.<br /><br />but if you just want something stationary, for decoration, then this is the hamper for you.
I recieved the monitor has a gift. I used it when I was at my parents house, because the babys room is on the other side of the house. I kept hearing other peoples conversations and I thought that was normal. Then I started hearing ticking sounds, then one moring I woke up and it wasn't working. Luckly the baby was looking at her mobile just laying there. Then I would hear strange sounds coming from both ends. This is my first time using thos product and my baby is seven months old. I am very upset about this monitor........
i bought the lock to secure drawers in a bathroom type cabinet.  the drawers have a double faced front which makes the distance from the lock to the front surface too long for the magnet to work, even using the metal extenders inlcuded in the kit.  didn't realize this utill i opened kit and couldn't use it.  instructions did not point out this restrictions.  i would rate the product as useless and unreliable for the design of my drawers. i have used the plastic locks that come with the kit to disable the one lock i installed.
I love MAM pacifiers and have actually bought the girl astronauts twice - once after we lost an originals.  The second set to arrive, however, was not the set pictured.  :(  I'm pretty careful about checking for &#34;colors may vary&#34; or &#34;designs may vary&#34; on Amazon, but this product description doesn't say that anywhere and thought I was safe since I'd bought this exact product here before.  WRONG!  Instead of kickin' girl-affirming astronauts, I got stereotypical pink motifs you find everywhere.  VERY disappointed!
My husband ordered these for our two month old because he loves this brand of pacifier, and we thought these would be an easy transition from breast to bottle. They seem like great bottles. The nipple quality is amazing, it never collapses. My one star is for the supposed anti colic feature. You could loudly hear my son swallowing tons of air while eating, and he would scream for hours after using one of these. He also chokes and splutters during feedings. We have three other bottle brands and he has no issue with any of those.
The picture shows four pacifiers with four different colors. The actual product is TWO pacifiers and they are identical and clear. If you have two babies, you can't tell which pacifier is for which baby. The picture is misleading!<br /><br />Also, these pacifiers don't have holes by the nose. I have babies about 8 lbs (preemie twins now one month old) and these pacifiers cover part of their nose and make it hard for them to breathe. I don't think they're safe for smaller babies. I would advise getting ones with holes by the nose
These pacifiers are horrible, I can't believe the hospital supplies them. My 1st daughter loved it, but little did I know- due to it's shape- it caused my daughter's palette to completely grow in a narrowed form, causing dental issues. After better understanding the mouth and how the palette forms, I highly suggest parent's go with something orthodontic. I was so upset that the hospital (medical staff) didn't have better knowledge to inform me of this before giving me this paci to try. These things should be taken off the market.
I was given 2 wubbanubs as a gift for my twins, and they loved them so much I ordered 2 more. I wanted a spare for washing & in case we lost one. I ordered a giraffe & elephant to go with the frog & red dog that we already have. They arrived just the other day and I gave the giraffe to my son for the first time yesterday. Today I realized there is a tiny hole in the leg and it is leaking tiny beads. Now I'm afraid to give any of these to my children. I'm disappointed because it seemed like such a great product & the kids love them.
I bought these in green, blue, and yellow. They were all fine except that the green ones said 3m+, all the others were 0-3m. My (8m old) son HATES them! He thinks he's being tricked. He looks at them, sucks once or twice, gets angry and throws them. I wish I hadn't tossed the package because even though they're only $3 I would have sent them back.<br /><br />If your baby is a fan of the soft, squishy 0-3m pacifiers then they won't like these. The 3m+ ones are very hard, they're a bit more firm than the Gumdrop ones he also dislikes.
are you kidding me?  from the picture this things looks like a belt but then we received the actual item: it looks like a wrist band with a few metal slots on it.  this cheesy thing only goes through about two or three belt loops--making your child look like a freak.  for half the price you could get a velcro or magnet belt that is an actual belt that wraps around instead of something that gives 2 inches of coverage. the item probably cost a dollar to make yet she is selling it for ten bucks--a total rip-off.  this baby is going back!
i am very disappointed!  after only wearing it for 4 hours (most of which it just dangled down in front of him) the back of the head split open where the string goes through.  it is a terrible design.  the body of the turtle is much thicker and would be a better place for the string to go through.  or they should just manufacture it with a thicker head.  i took it away to keep the string from ripping all of the way through, though there is probably no fix.  shirts are cheeper and don't get ruined in 4 hours!!!  what a waste of money!!!
When I received the package, it was neither wrapped in the original packaging nor wrapped in plastic. It was in a shipping envelope, no shipping popcorn, no shipping bubble wrap, nothing. After viewing the pacifier, it appeared as if it were used. There were scuff marks that clearly could not have come from the shipping envelope. I threw it in the trash immediately. Even if it were in plastic (not the original packaging), I would have tossed it. There's no way in the world I would have put this used looking pacifier in my babys' mouth.
My baby does not like these!! I notice he makes a lot of airy noises when trying to suck on these. He's a breastfed baby and refuses a bottle he's picky so I wanted a pacifier that was suppose to be closest to like human nipple to a baby.  After the airy noises I tied to suck on it myself to test it and same thing happened when I did it. Maybe a good pack for older babies but not for newborns with a smaller mouth probably heck I don't l u keep the airy sound at all it =gas usually. I,probably won't use these ever again... waste of my,money
i purchased these bottles to replace my 8 months old dr. brown bottles because they were dripping everywhere & i was tired of it. i do like that when the nuby bottles are laid on their side or upside down they do not drip. however, that being said - my daughter can't drink them because she chokes the nipple flow is way too fast. i feel like it'd be appropriate for an adult. she takes one &#34;suck&#34; and she's gasping for air and turning dark red and can't breathe because it's coming out so fast. awful - i will not recommend these to anyone.
We do not use plastic bottles or dishes with our toddler, so I was trying to find an alternative to the standard Soothies and Gumdrops. Sadly, this was not it. Our son would not take this at all. In fact, when I first gave it to him, he laughed at it after putting itin his mouth. The nipple part is HUGE, absurdly large. After my son laughed at it, I decided to suck on it, and I don't know how a baby would ever be soothed by it. Almost choked me.<br /><br />We are now using it to wean him from pacifiers, so I guess that's a positive for this one.
i added this monitor to my baby registry because it had decent reviews for a reasonably priced monitor.  boy do i regret it now!  my son is only 7 months old and i am having to purchase another one and i don't even use it during the night, only for nap time.  the sound is broken, you have to turn it all the way up to be able to hear the baby at all, it crackles and you can hardly go two rooms away or it doesn't come in at all.  battery life is also not the greatest and you need to recharge pretty frequently.  i would never buy this product again!
the colors on the picture don't represent what i got.  the quilt was actually peach, pink, and chocolate brown.  the package was sent with two valances, but the patterns weren't the same on valances.  we also didn't need the crib bumpers, which were part of the package.  the quilt didn't have a flat finish as there were strings hanging off of the quilt where the different parts were stitched together.  the quality of the product didn't correspond with the amount of money that i paid for it.  i ended up sending the set back and ordered something else.
i have had this highchair for a few months and wish i did more research before buying. the cover does not come off so you can't wash it and wiping it down is not enough. also, you need 2 hands to put the tray on. the tray usually doesn't allign right and takes some time to get it right. i thought the highchair came with a 5 point harness but does not. my baby slides and falls to the side while eating. this causes her discomfort since her arm gets all red from being pinned to the side or stuck hanging over the chair. wishing i bought another highchair 馃槙
we ordered this because we loved the design for our baby's room. it took my husband about five hours to put together. horrible instrutcions. almost every single screw head stripped out very easily making construction a very difficult process. several different screw drivers were tried. we finally put it together, but know that it is cheap quality and not worth the price paid for it. it strangely leans a bit forward as well on a flat surface, so if it were to fall forward, all of the drawers would easily fall out. i would not recommend buying this product.
first, the shades arrived extremely wrinkled out the package. the wrinkles greatly obstruct the view. secondly, asides from the wrinkles, the shades themselves are not see through at all. i could not see anything out the back of my car from the driver's seat and it was a bright sunny summer afternoon. not safe at all. third, the side window shades were too large for my 2011 honda civic, but fit my other compact sedan just fine. anyway, with the wrinkles and the fact that i cannot see a single thing out the rear window, this will be going back immediately!
I was SO disappointed with this product. I hadn't considered it would have been made with such low quality- especially for the price. I honestly thought it was a joke. I received a plush toy that resembles something that would come with a child's fast food meal only with a pacifier sewed into it's mouth. This product makes sanitizing the pacifier a chore and washing the plush toy separately impossible. If considering purchasing this product I suggest making your own- find a low quality stuffed animal around the size of your hand and sew a binky into it's mouth.
this product was not helpful. my daughter did not find it cute or entertaining whatsoever and thrashed away from it the same as she would a normal medicine syringe or dropper. furthermore, you need to tilt ava's trunk almost to vertical to get the liquid to come out since most of it pools in the bulb on the dropper. it took three attempts to get the baby tylenol out of the dropper and there was still quite a bit left over. while my baby hates seeing the liquid syringe that comes with the medicine, i can at least give it to her in one go and cause her less discomfort.
first we loved this playard. even though it had a very strong plastic smell in the beginning. it is spacious and fun for a baby. but (as a lot of reviews mentioned) the bottom mat doesn't stay flat, and keeps getting up, not only are there waves of material but the wooden boards inside started to overlap. even though we never once disassembled it, it has always stayed in one place with the occasional dust wiping!<br />we returned it after some time! we found this playard inconvenient and potentially dangerous for a baby who is rolling over and just starting to crawl.
i order this one, but they send me a different one and i hate it. this is the one they send me, the sassy-polka dots<br /><br />[[asin:b00cq5zi22 sassy polka dots teething feeder]]<br /><br />so in my review of this sassy-polka dot one, i do not like it. the top or cap does not have the 'filler' that keeps whatever you put in the net cool. also, it's a pain to get it open to put fruit in or to take it open to wash. you have to squeeze the 2 sides while turning it in counterclockwise to open it. it is so difficult and i just hate it. can't get a refund coz i opened it.
i bought two other toy boxes that are holding up just fine, but this toy box fell apart after a short time.  i purchased it the day before christmas online.  it was put together right after christmas, but not used right away.  once it was used, it was obvious it was defective (and dangerous to children).  it is now past the return policy deadline.  since it fell apart, i didn't have to take it apart for the trash area, but did have to remove many sharp pieces of hardware from it to protect any children that might be near the trash area.  a wasted $51.17 that's for sure.
before buying this product i've read the reviews.<br />i've read several which suggested serious manufacture problems but thought to myself - \\amazon wouldn't sell it if it doesn't work... and it will probably won't happen to me\\.<br />well i was wrong - i got the two parental units version, and both do not charge. i've tried switching outlets, chargers, shaking it and praying, but it just wouldn't charge.<br /><br />don't make my mistake - go with a higher rated product, even if it costs you a few bucks more.<br />otherwise, it will cost you a definite 50 bucks more!!
we have had this monitor for a year now. we loved it because of the talk function and overall it's been pretty great. then today, our power flickered on and off and since then, the parent units will not link with the monitor. waste of money. i bought vtech thinking it would be reliable and last...but i was wrong. be careful when buying this product, because there is a chance it could stop working at any time due to a power outage. after looking online at ways to fix this issue (none that have worked) i have found that numerous people have had this issue. it's ridiculous!
it is very difficult to open. however, it is very easy to break.<br />it is much easier to break than to open. all i had to do was twist it, and i'm not a very strong person.<br />they also only fit one cupboard in the house. they did not open far enough to put on the handles 5 1/2 inches apart, and did not close enough to lock the handles 2 1/2 inches apart. this is not a very big range.<br />so four strikes against, and the only positive is it is a bit more attractive than other options, which is pretty inconsequential when stacked against usability, and child's saftey.
i bought this seat because after many car seat safety reviews, it seemed the best choice and was larger than most, which was a plus for my 97th percentile baby boy. however i had to return it because it was nearly impossible to install in the rear-facing direction. i had a police officer inspect it after i installed it, and neither he nor i could get the belt to tighten it into place ( using the latch system). the final straw was the difficulty in tightening and loosening the straps across my son. i got the chicco nextfit. worth the extra money for ease of use and safety.
i'm on my second tots in mind crib tent. the company mailed us a replacement without any fuss after the netting separated from the nylon material and the zipper fell off. the nylon shredded when i attempted to sew it together myself; the fabric simply won't allow for patching. the replacement, unfortunately, ripped in the same manner as the original while my husband was installing it. cotton combined with mesh would be a better choice than nylon. though i appreciate the good customer service from tots in mind, i hope another manufacturer comes along with a better product.
I bought one of these for our little guy since it was the same paci he had used at the hospital and it looked very cute. He really seemed to like it for the twelve hours we had it before my dog got a hold of the paci and chewed it (new mom, still learning:). To my dismay, you can't change out the paci...so you are stuck. Basically, you are paying for one REALLY expensive (albeit cute) pacifier. There are other brands out there that allow you to change out the pacifier. We returned this (excellent customer service) and bought a paci-plushi monkey and are very happy with it.
i bought this a year ago at toys r us.  it makes a huge mess everytime you use it regardless of setting. i put it on the carpet once and it was like it had rained around it when we woke up. i put it on a nightstand and again everything around it this time my table, lamp, etc on down to the carpet below soaked.  i pulled it out again a few weeks ago and put it on an upside down laundry basket on tile on towels just in case, and obvious answer was another big mess.  i thought maybe its just faulty.  anyway, i thought id look here for reviews to see if others had this problem.
I would have loved to use this, but seeing as my package was marked as delivered but NO WHERE TO BE FOUND, I have to say I'm really unhappy with my purchase. Neither Amazon nor UPS are making it easy for me to find out how to get help. From what I'm seeing, I guess I won't get a refund nor a replacement. If it's a small package, no one seems to care about it getting lost!<br /><br />Just saying, BE CAREFUL about ordering something so small. I'd make sure if you buy this to get it with something else so it comes in a larger box. Thanks a lot, Amazon, for screwing this one up.
I have worked in a daycare for over 4 years now in the infant room. We had one child who used this binky and it was awful. Firstly, it was too difficult for the child to hold the binky in his/her mouth due to how heavy it is. Secondly, it is difficult to clean. Usually, we would run the binkies through the sanitizer, but this left the stuffed animal part soggy. Now the child is over three years old and still uses these binkies. The child's teeth are pushed outward so much that it is difficult for the child to speak. It makes me sad that this small item caused so much damage.
I bought these based on the great reviews, but they were a complete failure.  The round plastic was so big that it covered and kept bumping into my son's nose.  The more he sucked the firmer it pressed on his nose, which he hated so he constantly spit it out.  Another mom I know who likes these admits that she has to hold them in her daughter's mouth or she spits them out.  What's the point of having a pacifier if the child doesn't like it or you have to hold it in their mouth????!!!  We'll stick with the GumDrop pacifiers which have a similar material but much better shape.
not worth the money.  i own an uppababy single and compare the two strollers as both being &#34;premium&#34; strollers yet this one is made cheaply in comparison with an overinflated price tag.  for instance the side latches which allow you to lift and reverse the seat feel of poor construction and require a little &#34;jimmying&#34; instead of smoothly fitting.<br />i returned this waste and now just use my ergo and uppababy.  it came with a bassinet for my little one unlike the bugaboo where everything is a la carte. and of less quality.  oh and the basket beneath is a joke.
i bought this as a replacement for avent 8 ounce cup. since i could not find the avent 8 ounce cup anymore, i bought this one as it said 8 ounce in the title. but actually it is a 5 ounce cup and if you top it up to maximum possible limit it comes close to 8 ounce but there are no measurements after 5 ounce mark.<br />also it is very easy to misalign the internal spout to the lid, and when that happens this leaks very badly.<br />it was a big mistake that i bought this and had i noticed these defects before i opened this i would have returned this as clearly the title is misleading.
This pacifier looks great from the front .... but the built-in case/cover that it has is extremely annoying.  It prevents baby from being able to suckle the pacifier in the usual way, and as soon as the pacifier comes out of baby's mouth the cover automatically snaps back into place around the mouthpiece of the pacifier.  This means that baby can't put the pacifier back in her own mouth - parents have to do it.  Trendy item, but not practical at all.  Noting that my experience is based on 4 children over the past 8 years so I've literally purchased over 100 pacifiers in that time....
I purchased the Safety 1st Comfort Check Thermometer with the bonus Pacifier Medicine Dispenser because my 6 month old daughter has some medication she needs to take, and at first glance it seemed like it was going to work great. I was wrong. This product is NOT SAFE AT ALL!! There is no valve to help slow the flow of medicine that comes out. I may as well have just poured the medicine down her throat! She choked on the medicine because it just came pouring out of the nipple! How this product was tested and approved amazes me. This is a trash product and needs to be taken off the market.
the proteins in baby's only are 82% casein (same rate as in pure cow milk) which makes it too hard to digest for infants under 12 months and causes severe constipation. proteins in breast milk are 10% casein in early lactation, 40% in mature milk and 50% in late lactation; the rest is whey. proteins in regular infant formulas are usually about 40% casein. this is the reason why baby's only manufacturer, nature's one, markets it as a toddler formula (which it is, and an excellent one) and not simply because they want to promote exclusive breastfeeding before 12 months like they suggest...
information in amazon's listing is incorrect.  this is rare in my years of amazon shopping.  listing states size as 34.2 x 17.7 x 26.3 inches.  26.3 obviously a mistake - i expected 2.6 inches but product is about 1 inch.  it is also shorter and more narrow than stated.  that makes it useless for the purpose i purchased for it as it it too short and too narrow for out bassinet.  and too thin.  so one star and )-:d.  it might have limited use as a temporary surface to avoid placing the baby on the floor or on the ground - let's see about that.  found and ordered another bassinet pad.  (-:d
I don't usually write reviews but felt I ought to share my experience. I loved natursutten pacifiers because they were safe and natural and my baby also loved them. He has been using them since birth and he is now 15 months old. Today, however, I found him with pieces of broken pacifier in his hands. He had somehow split the handle part and was playing with choking hazard size pieces. This is definitely not a safe scenario. I'm planning to call natursutten but figured I should also let potential buyers know. These pacifiers are great- but if the child can break them they are very unsafe...
the item dimensions arent as specified.  when they are on the stairwell they can't be made tight enough even with tools to uphold consistent t usage so they slip and the gate doesnt  hold in place.  beware even though they are to protect the wood from unnecessary drilling they need to be drilled into place to stay put.  more of a hassle the. a help in the end.  we are returning these as they are not what the company claims and don't work as the company claims they will.  also be prepared to buy your own screws as they send one size and if you need smaller they tell you to buy them yourself.
my video monitor froze up 11 months after using it.  summer infant customer sucks and said they never heard of that complaint before.  after being on hold for 34 minutes and arguing with a rep for about the same time, they agreed to send me a \\new and improved\\ monitor.  save yourself the trouble and purchase a video monitor not from summer infant.  their customer service reps are cocky and are trained in giving customers the run around.  if you are considering a summer monitor, search around and read the reviews- appears that they all begin to freeze up eventually!  $200 worth of junk!!!
Others seem to have had a much better experience with this item, and we can't understand why.  When assembling the table, it quickly became clear that it was poorly made and the components were badly engineered.  For example, one of the bars would not accept the screw that the manufacturer provided for it - the screw would not bite.  The dowels were not well sanded and seemed as if they could cause splinters.  We decided it wasn't worth continuing the assembly and returned it.  Also note, the shelves are made of a very thin composite wood and are flimsy.  This thing is overpriced and unsafe.
this was one of the few selections at target.  what a disappointment & rip-off this has been.  the charge runs out in less than 12 hrs & the signal is unreliable.  also, there is no sound activated feature, so there is an annoying constant low level of white noise (for those precious few hours of sleep that parents do get & as sound-sensitive as we new moms are, i have found this very frustrating).  we had a sony baby call as our first monitor for our older child but i thought we couldn't go wrong with graco.  i would stronly recommend testing your monitor out thoroughly before you need to use it.
My daughter loves these pacifiers but I am going to have to get rid of them. She was dozing happily and screaming the next moment. I rushed over to see what was wrong and found her finger wedged in one of the four holes! I had to pry it off her finger was jammed in there so tight! Her finger was bright red and she was upset for ages. What kind of a design is that!? They know babies with little fingers will be touching the pacifier... So they put baby finger traps on the pacifier?! Awful!<br /><br />Also as others have said, water from washing gets trapped inside the nipple, creating a bacteria risk.
I'm currently in the process of adopting my son, and I bought this to take to Guatemala with me when I visited. It never worked - it didn't matter how much water I put in the chamber, it would never cycle on more more than 30 seconds. I then had to wait approximately 5 minutes for it to cool back down before using it for another 30 second cycle. I ended up filling the ice bucket with hot water, and letting the bottle sit in that to warm up.<br /><br />Needless to say, it's been sent back. I think I'll just use the microwave when the baby gets home - it's got to be easier and quicker than this thing.
i bought this hoping it would make traveling from bwi to houston easier with just me and a 2 year old. it was a nightmare. i can't really blame this strap, but it is not very long and you have to tilt the arm very far down to walk when using it so it's impossible to walk comfortably. also, in the pic it shows pushing the seat like a cart, in reality you have to drag it behind you because when you exert that much force to push suitcase, seat and child, the handle automatically slides back into the luggage. i wouldn't recommend this for anyone traveling alone. pulling that around is a job all on its own.
I'm only giving these 1 star due to the price. After coming across these and purchasing them, I saw them in Walgreens and the local supermarket, Publix. Both stores are usually pretty high in price when comparing to others such as Walmart or here on Amazon. Well, not this time...these are half the price at the local stores! One had the same 2 pacifiers for 5.99 and the other had them for 4.99!! CRAZY!! I will be calling Amazon next week to see what can be done about my recent purchase. I am a big Amazon fan and purchase quite a bit from them (as well as subscribe and save), so this is very disappointing.
After much research, I came across the Ulubulu website that claims their pacifiers are bite-proof.<br />Since my little one is chewing holes through her pacis every day you can guess my frantic attempt to locate the most hardy and toughest pacifiers in the market. Hence Ulubulu came about. Why, the first day she used it, she bit through it. So where's the bite-proof feature?? Planning to return it to Amazon. Don't buy or waste your $$$. Besides that acclaimed feature, nothing special about it - just ordinary looking and I hate the ring handle, and the words inscribed on them - not witty in the least bit.
I wish that I had paid more attention to the product description for this item. The giraffe arrived and it was teeny tiny, much smaller than I anticipated. Additionally, it reminded me of the beanie baby toys that McDonald's used to hand out with Happy Meals.<br /><br />I was so disappointed that I returned this product and instead bought the Bunnies by the Bay 'Silly Buddy' pacifier holder. It is larger, lightweight, and very soft. My daughter seems to like that it is big enough for her to hold onto, which would have been more difficult with the Wubbanub. I would recommend the Silly Buddy over the Wubbanub.
it looks so nice, doesn't it? a cup designed to teach your toddler how to drink out of the edge of the cup, no? i mean, so wonderful, right?<br /><br />wrong!<br /><br />in order for the mechanism to work properly, your child will have to shove his/her face against the lifted plate, allowing flow of liquid to the mouth. if, somehow, the lid has any pressure, it will leak. i repeat, it will leak. or, it will spill all over your child in the car.<br /><br />and, to make matters worse, cleaning it is a nuisance. for the price, this product is seriously a joke. flawed in every way.<br /><br />you've been warned!
this product is no longer available because the company decided to stop making it.  i have looked high and low and have even contacted philips about this.  i am beyond pissed because i loved the cup with the single removable handle that had the open spout.  that was the perfect cup for my 3 & 4 year old children because we spend a lot of time out of doors. now the sell this small cup with two handles that are permanently attached and a spout that has three holes poked in it.  not appropriate for even an 18 month old if you ask me.<br /><br />does anyone know of a sippy cup for 3-4 year olds that are worthy??
I purchased this set on January 4, 2014 for my Grandaughter who was born on December 24, 2014, over the past two weeks she has developed an extreme amount of gas, and as I usually do when I want to make certain that I am looking at the whole scenario, I checked with Dr. Sears website to see what you should do when an infant has gas, so since the site mentioned the pacifier my daughter decided to look at the pacifiers,  both of the pacifiers have holes in them. I am contacting Amazon's customer service and the company that makes this pacifier.  I think as parents and grand parents we have to diligent and aware.
Worst baby item I have ever bought! It is a total waste of money. It is very hard to clean, and after first use (put banana inside it), the cloth turned dark colour and I keep trying to clean all the banana pieces out and after 4 times of washing it like a crazy mad woman, I still have pieces left. I am not going to bother with it any more and since food can stick to it that means mold will form on it even if we can't see it. If you were wondering, I did wash it right away after first use which lasted few mins because of the mess that it was creating and the baby got frustrated trying to get the mashed banana out.
we have this monitor for past 1.5 years and we have lived with no audio since last year. we could not find the issue and did not browse around and started to live with the video and colored signals which becomes red when my son cries. we were co sleeping with the baby. now i am putting him in his own room and having the monitor volume is very important for us. i was browsing to buy the monitor alone as i believe the camera is working perfectly. but i don't see any option to buy the monitor without camera. i would strongly not recommend this product if i have to buy the whole product for just fixing my volume issue.
when i tried it with my granddaughter it poured out thru the spout and it also leaked from around the lid so bad till she was not able to use it for a training cup like it said you could. i also ordered the pink one but they sent me the blue. i think you should get what you pay for to be right i ordered two of them and they both are like this. peggydrink@yahoo.com    i think that the company should reminisce my money for both of them because they are of no use as a training cup and that is what i ordered. peggydrink@yahoo.com  best of luck to anyone who buys these. i would like to have what i ordered to have worked.
the brush unscrews just above the handle (it stores a small air vent brush inside) and after about a week of using it, the brush would come apart at the screw every time i used it. i wasn't unscrewing it to get the air vent brush since i have one out already, it's just a week point in the design. couldn't use it anymore after a week unless i just used the top brush part without the blue handle section - very disappointing. had similar issue with the regular (not deluxe) dr. brown's brush, which rusted and broke in half just below the top brush section after only a couple weeks. got a munchkin brush and it works great!
This listing is NOT for an authentic FCTRY brand pacifier! My son loves the original so we ordered him another one. What arrived did not come in the FACTRY packaging but a plain bag which was our first clue. Next we sterilized it immediately after receiving it. The mustache portion turned a dull black, the clear plastic body became cloudy, and the handle became stuck to the mustache portion. The pacifier portion is made of a thinner - cheap feeling - silicone that feels like my child could bite right through it. I am not be comfortable letting my child use this pacifier. This item will be returned as soon as possible.
this was a poorly handled transaction from jj cole.  they pre-advertised this bag for pre-ordering, which i did.  then weeks later, it was delayed.  well, babies don't get delayed, so my friend was patiently waiting for the bag i told her i would buy as a baby gift.  delay after delay after delay, i finally got an e-mail saying it was sent.  i didn't even have an option to cancel the order.  now, as the baby is six-months old, it is nice that the bag finally arrived.  my friend had to use one of those re-usable \\green\\ grocery sacks.  just pitiful.  and, the bag seems much smaller in person than it appears as advertised.
$13 for a pacifier attached to a toy that I cannot remove and replace? ARE THEY NUTS?!! Anyone who would buy this has sucker written all over them! I used binky clips for all four of my kids and never had a problem with them. It made it easy to find it at night too. If your newborn baby is waking up every couple of hours searching for a nipple, they're probably hungry. Feed them instead of shoving a paci in their mouth! All of my newborns ate every couple of hours...they have tiny stomachs. I simply fail to see how this is not a suffocation hazard! They always says to keep blankets & stuffed animals away from babies faces!
we used this monitor for 2 months and the handheld unit died.  won't charge or turn on and of course this happened at 9pm on a sunday night.  amazon has an awesome return policy, so i expect to get my money back for this purchase.  i had to get a new monitor at the last minute (unfortunately, not from amazon), and i upgraded to a new model from summer's infant, model: 28810.  i must say, after one night's usage, the picture quality on the new monitor is light years better then this model.  sound quality is much better as well.  although, i did just read some very negative reviews on model: 28810 on amazon.  fingers crossed.
Received it in a tiny ziplock. That was for me, very unhygienic. How am i supposed to put an unsealed item in my baby's mouth? I didn't want to complain given the price. It was very cute though (which is why i gave it a star at all) and looked as cute as shown. So..I followed one of the reviewer's advice to boil it. So i did. In less than a minute, i smelled burned plastic. I sterilize bottles and binkies so i know it was not supposed to smell like that! Long story short, this is going straight to the trash. Save yourself the trouble and get something else. This is one of those times i can sadly say, you get what you pay for.
these work. my two year old still can't open these. the only reason i'm not giving five stars is because they don't come in all white.<br /><br />update from 4 to 1 star: four years and two kids later i'm attempting to remove these. this has been such an arduous process, that i'm starting to wonder if it was worth it having children at all. a complete kitchen renovation might be easier than removing 16 of these sticky things that have cemented onto my kitchen and bathroom cabinets. some reviewers spoke of removal tabs, and 'easy to remove', but i have not been so lucky. my cabinets are never going to be the same. buyer beware!
well lets start off by saying i have twin girls. i ordered 2 espresso toddler beds. we opened the first bed and put it together with out any problems. we were happy and excited to show our girls their new &#34;big girl&#34; beds. we opened the second box and whit did we find; a bright pink bed. i wish we had opened this one first. would not have even put the other one together until we could have recieved a replacement. but the kids were ready for there new beds that we had been telling them about for a week. the only thing i can say is that im glad we had two girls and not two boys or we would have had to make one of them wait.
this children's toy is nostalgic and very cute. however, there is a distinct rubber smell and a very odd taste, yes i tried it, that my baby did not enjoy. also, if it is soiled it is extremely difficult to clean as the rubber is a kind of porus material and does not clean well. the final thing is the squeaking device inside which stopped working after the first couple of days. i returned this item feeling i had overpaid for a toy that was defective and did not meet my expectations. please do not be swayed by the cute packaging and hype surounding it as i was. one more thing, i was given a full refund from amazon without any problem.
i thought about two stars as my son really loves these, but i hate them. they don't hold enough for a hungry 18 month old. when i try to fill them to capacity, a tablespoon of whatever i put it squeezes out when i go to close the zip seal. they do seal well- too well in fact. i ended up ripping one trying to get it open after only 2 uses. what's the point in &#34;reusable&#34; if that means only 2 or 3 times? i don't have a dishwasher and i'm not sure these really get clean in the corners especially if you fill it with a dairy based smoothie. i'll use the rest until they rip or seem kinda gross and then i'm looking for another option.
This product listed is the Soothie 0-3 months, I received the 3+ month version which is much harder and my newborn hates them.  Unfortunately, since the package looks the same I didn't realize it until I already took them out, sterilized them, and let him use it.  I couldn't figure out why he kept spitting it out until I looked closer and realized it is a thicker plastic and says Super Soothie on it.  The picture of the product also shows it as 0-3m.  Very disappointed as these are hard to find locally and are they only style my son will take.  Product description and picture really should be changed to show what is really being shipped.
very disappointed with this chair!! we thought this was going to be a great chair for our nursery, unfortunately it isn't! my husband put it together and it looked great and the first time i sat in it, it was great too! after our baby arrived i took her in her room to rock her and it squeezed and knocked so loud i had to get up!! it was awful! if it wouldn't of been such a pain to take apart and expensive to ship back we would of returned this!! my husband had to spray &#34;pam&#34; cooking spray all over the bottom of the chair at the joints to help with the noise! i would recommend paying a little more money and buying from a furniture store!
don't buy!! read other reviews on other listings about this product. cute pattern but stroller is almost impossible to close! it's advertised as a &#34;one hand fold&#34; stroller but that is deceptive. lots of other reviews are posted about the stroller being hard to close - i only saw those after receiving my stroller and having such a hard time closing it. it took me and my mom over an hour, both sets of hands, our body weight and a wall as leverage, to even be able to get it to close. and then, still, it wouldn't lock. by the time we finally got it closed, my mom was bleeding and i just wanted the damn thing out of my sight. horrible product!!
we liked this monitor for 12 months and it performed well during that time, however in the middle of the night last night, the sound just stopped and i didn't realize it until i woke up and saw my daughters moving but couldn't hear anything.  no sound....it's completely useless to us now and i will be contacting motorola and i guess we will see what their customer service is like....it's ridiculous to have paid so much for this and it just died...no reason at all, just stopped working.  i'm really irritated and i expected higher quality from motorola - when i pay three hundred dollars for a monitor, i expect to get more than a year of use out of it.
i tried posting the same review somewhere else and they seemed to have blocked it, so i am giving it another go. our son who is 18months and weighs a little over 20 lbs. on two seperate occasions the seat slipped out of the slot and my son fell out of the chair. i would not recommend this product!  he could have been seriously hurt, being choked by the straps when the seat fell off or hitting his chin on the seat. miraculously he was not hurt but we have stopped using the product.  also i would like to add that this product does not hold well to wear and tear. we have had our highchair for maybe a little over a year and we have scratches all over it.
the name \\simplisse\\ must be french for many ridiculous steps for assembly and disassembly and miserable to clean.  there are 14 steps for assembly and 9 for disassembly with so many nooks and crannies to clean.  i can't believe this thing is even on the market. i bought mine from babies r us and it can't be returned for any reason.  mine malfunctioned the first time i used it.  the rubber valve gets sucked in the up position preventing milk from spilling into the bottle.  the only recourse is to contact the manufacturer which i haven't done yet.  we'll see how simplisse that proves to be.      buy an electric breast pump that allows you to use batteries.
I'm so disappointed. My daughter is very attached to her red dog so on here I bought 3 more so over time I can replace them. It was NOT the same as the one from the store. The first thing I noticed was that the packaging was different. The Wubbanub in the store comes in a box, this was in a bag. Then I noticed the dog was a much lighter color. Opened one up and have it to my daughter anyway and she wouldn't take it.... I put the binky in my mouth to see if it was different and it was clear why. The binky part feels textured, almost like it has dust all over it (yes it was cleaned first). What a disappointment. Only thing I can think of is that these are knockoffs.
My daughter had the lamb wubanub for a year and a half before we needed a replacement. We loved it, she loved it. It held up very well.<br />We purchased a new one for her and immediately noticed it looked like a different design from the old but figured it wouldn't be a big deal. We gave it to her and the very first nap the strings from one of the eyeballs pulled out making it look awful. Today when washing the sheets I found the ear that had gone quickly missing. I don't know what they did to cut costs but it shows big time in the end product. I used to tell everyone to buy these and they were my go-to baby shower gift but I can't do that now! I'm VERY disappointed.
While I love the look of these pacifiers and my baby is very comfortable using them, their design is terrible and down right dangerous. These pacifiers cannot be thoroughly cleaned or used by a drooling baby without water/condensation/saliva getting trapped inside. There is no way to effectively dry up this water/condensation as these pacifiers do not come apart. I recently noticed black mildew growing inside all 4 of my babies Avent Translucent Orthodontic Infant Pacifiers. I have since thrown them away. There should never be holes or crevices on these pacifiers to allow for moisture to collect in areas that cannot be effectively cleaned and dried. Very disappointing.
we've gone through 2 of these monitors and it is a great concept but the design doesn't filter interference well.  we have a wifi network in the house, no portable phones and unless we are fairly close we get intermittent loud crackles, pops, static.  second unit was a bit better than the first, not much.  their customer support was great, sent out a second unit via fedex with no questions, nor requesting deposit, with return label on the original.  if you have a non-network house might work but for us, forget it.  i'm trying another monitor so we can sleep again.  this thing needs a re-design and their fast turnaround in sending out a replacement may be that they know as well.
Cute idea, but I didn't realize when I bought this that the pacifier is actually sewn to the stuffed animal.  I purchased it thinking I could attach my own pacifiers  to this stuffed animal, but instead it came with its own pacifier actually sewn to it.  (Thankfully it came with the same pacifier I use - [[ASIN:B0045I6IAO Philips 2 Pack AVENT Soothie Pacifier, Green, 0-3 Months]]) However, I like to boil pacifiers before initial use (can't do that here) and was hoping to be able to use the stuffed animal for different Nuk pacifiers as they wear down, etc.  Had I know that it wasn't a pacifier holder, but rather an all-in-one deal, I wouldn't have purchased this product. Bummer!
i purchased this play pen 3 months ago, it's never been used other than to hold toys and there is a large tear in the seam on the front (just like another reviewer) which makes it a strangulation hazard. the company was very rude when i called and finally said i have to pay to ship it back to them for it to be repaired (it's heavy and would probably cost $20 just to ship it back). the fact that this has torn from no use makes me wonder how they have not been recalled. also the pad in the bottom is not big enough, there are gaps on each side, which also seems very unsafe. i would not trust that my child would be safe in this and i would not recommend this company or this product.
i purchased this product yesterday from a retail store in a factory sealed box. i was trying to follow the instructions and discovered that my carrier was missing the lumbar support. i called infantino product support to find out if i was just not seeing something correctly and i was directed to return to the store (not on my list to do with a 4 week old) or go to their website for full instructions. the instructions on the website were the same as what was included in the box. i called back to see if they could mail me the pice or a replacement and i was told that they could only redirect me to the store. i will never buy another infantino product again. they have no product support.
as many reviewers have remarked, this gate has a propensity for failing. the locking mechanism for the telescoping bar failed on the first one that i bought after 2 weeks.  wanting to believe the best, we exchanged it for another one...that quickly failed in the same way.  i admit that this is a great idea for an adjustable gate, design makes sense and it is otherwise well-conceived. if evenflo figured out how to make the locking mechanism work and not fail, i would have given it 5 stars.  problem is, it failed in the most important part that secures the gate.  this makes the gate unstable and dangerous to kids.  please do not make the same mistake that i did (twice). \\fool me once...\\
from the photos, i had presumed the diaper bag i was ordering would have been sturdy and better quality. when i order on the amazon app, it doesn't automatically show me the shipping cost, which ended up being double the cost of the bag. i really wouldn't have cared if the bag was the quality it seemed. hence my disappointment when it was received. i tried contacting the seller and was met with a rude and very uncourteous response. not even going to bother returning it for the measley $10 the bag cost. dealing with them isn't worth 10 bucks. so no. absolutely no recommendation here. poor quality. not cost effective. rude and horrible customer service. better people deserve your business.
i loved this walker at first and then 2 months down the line the back wheels stopped rotating.  apparently if you have animals of any sort or high pile carpet the hair gets in the rivets and there is no way to get it out.  we tried everything from tweezers to needle nose pliers but the hair was so far in there we couldn't reach it.  i called the joovy company and he suggested similar things to remove the hair and when i told him i had already tried those things he simply said &#34;sorry, i am all out of ideas...good luck&#34;.  i will not buy joovy again.  the cost was high to begin with but i was always a firm believer of  &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.  not this time!  don't do it.
this monitor has the worst reception i have ever heard. it sounds like a bowl of rice krispies on my night stand - snap, crackle and pop all night long. my parents bought it for me as a birthday gift b/c they heard it was the best brand. but we have tried it all over the house in different areas of the house and cannot find a place without interference. i've tried it at my in-laws house and my parents house hoping the problem was just our house. but it was even worse at their house. and the hand held has such horrible interference that we could not hear our baby screaming over it. it is shocking to me that such an expensive monitor could work so poorly. i think it is a giant waste of money.
in theory, this looks like it might be useful. however, the side compartments are really small. not even an average size bottle of cornstarch can fit in it. when i try go to remove something from there, like a tube of cream, the plastic side piece detaches and i have to click it back into place (all of these pieces can disconnect, which could be nice, but i found that they would disconnect when i did not want them to). the diaper areas in the front do not hold many diapers at all. the top doesn't have a non slip grip, so the box of wipes just slides all over. pain in the rear. i returned this and bought a large basket that i keep on the changing table edge and just put all my supplies into.
these things seem like a great idea in theory, but they're pretty useless.  if your child is very prim and proper and will only eat off of a spoon, then they might be good.  my daughter, on the other hand, has no issue with just eating food directly from the pouches (like all of the other kids i know).  it's actually much cleaner and easier for her to just eat directly from the pouch, and then throw out the pouch instead of having to wash these spoons.  the food gets all stuck inside them unless you rinse them immediately, which defeats the purpose of a handy spoon on the go.  it's easier to just bring a regular spoon and a ziploc bag if a spoon is necessary.  i wish i hasn't purchased these.
I recieved this monitor as a baby shower present.  If I knew then what I know now I would never had registered for it!! About 3 weeks after my baby shower I went to open the monitor to get ready for our upcoming baby.  When I took it out of the box the antenna was broken off.  I went back to Babies R'Us and they gladly swapped it out for me.  I brought it home and opened the box and much to my displeasure the same piece was broken off and not only was it broken off the piece wasn't even in the box!!!  I now have to go back to the store (yet again) to see if I can find one that isn't broken.  My thought is that anything that costs $100.00 and breaks before you even use it is a piece of JUNK!!!
At first I was thrilled when my mother-in-law got this for me. It looked so nifty!! When I brought my little baby home, my father set up the system, and I happily started using it. I lost patience very soon. The second and third diapers seem to drop through to the first one, no matter how much I twist the bag, a foul smell escapes every time I lift the lid, and I hate the hassle of trying to slip a long heavy snake of dirty diapers into another trash bag, to take down to the trash. I seem to forever be needing to empty it, and though the refills do last a while, I could do without the expense. We are going out this weekend to buy the diaper champ. My 2 girlfriends have it, and say it is fantastic.
why there is not easy &#34;handle&#34;?<br /><br />Without handle it is difficult to manipulate for both me and my child. Not practical to put it in and pull it out. The standard &#34;pacifier chains&#34; do not work with this one, you need to buy the MAM chain!<br />I do not like this obligation.<br />Result: without chain it keeps falling on the floor...<br />what a poor design!<br /><br />We turned to pacifiers made entirely of silicone (even the handle and the outside). They are super soft and flexible, easy to handle. Friends sent them to us from Italy, I do not know if they exist here. I think Chicco makes them. My baby adores them because he can chew the entire thing during teething spells.
I was desperately looking for solution to the pacifier always falling out of my 2 month old baby's mouth making him cry hysterically particularly when I'm driving. I read reviews and thought this product would be a lifesaver but I was so disappointed. First, the pacifier that comes with the toy is flimsy, it's not the same quality as the actually one that you buy separately. Also, the way it is sewn on to the mouth of the toy, it pulls the pacifier out of the baby's mouth making it even more difficult for the baby to hang on to it then if it was just a pacifier without the toy. I waited by the door to receive this and unfortunately it was a huge waste. Going back to holding the pacifier in myself.
I wish these thing would let you put on your own paci. My daughter is only 11 weeks old and she is already set in her ways. She has the paci we have always used since she was introduced to soothers after having oral surgery. She wants no part of any other pacifier. I thought this monkey work b/c the pacifiers look similar but no luck, she won't have it. She likes to move her head a look around and she can't really do that with this pacifier(paci goes out of her mouth and she gets frustrated and cries). Most of the pictures are of sleeping babies and I guess it would work for that but my girl spits out the paci when she falls asleep so she really needs it for waking hours and this does not work for that.
Disappointed with the Gerber paci, I bought this one after seeing the rave reviews from others, I was disappointed. It is not an expensive product but the shipping cost was more than the items - for me that was ok as long as the paci lived up to it reputation but it did not. It kept slipping out of my daughter's mouth which is average size for a two-month old - perhaps it is the unimaginative design. The big suction hole in the front of the pacifier is unattractive as well - it looks like the paci is missing a plug or something. Moreover, it made me a little nervous as she always seem to be struggling to breathe as she tried keep it from slipping out of her mouth. I am trying the avent, stay tuned for that review.
i paid 80 bucks for a few pieces of plastic, then i have to pay a fortune in plastic bags that should cost 1c. also, try to follow all the instructions to the letter and you will spend you whole day washing this thing (not to talk about the useless funnel).<br /><br />do yourself a favor and get the medela sns instead, we had to buy it after trying this one, and we never used the lact-aid again. the medela is still expensive for what it is, but you won't have to buy bags, you will have 3 different tube sizes for different flows, a strap you can easily adjust with one hand (not the crap this one comes with)... we can get ready with the medela sns in under a minute, and washing it afterwards also takes just a minute.
Tried several different pacifiers and our daughter would only take the original one given to her at the hospital.  We got tired of washing the same pacifier over and over again so when we saw First Years made the GumDrop pacifier, we were very excited.  Unfortunately, this is NOT the same pacifier - it is squeakier (more plasticky than the original rubbery one) and less flexible.  In conclusion, just buy the Hawaii Medical Group one because this one is just a waste of money.  I am giving it only 1 star because I feel I was misled by the name which makes me mad.  If First Years insists on making a copy of the original, they need to give it a copy-like name (for example RainDrop or GumBall - I don't know, just a thought).
i bought this thinking it was one of the vanilla flavored teethers. (maybe because it clearly says vanilla in the title of this product) it definitely was not. after my first shipment was lost, the seller quickly sent out another. (although i did end up waiting twice as long)<br />i guess we can toss it in the baby bag as a 'just-in-case' toy. my daughter definitely prefers the actual sophie instead of the ring anyway.<br /><br />also i was thrilled to find this particular sophie for half the price as places such as babies r us. but the shipping cost the same amount as the product. :( which i thought seemed a little ridiculous. but i still continued with the purchase, it was still $2 less than most other sellers & chains.
i came on amazon to find a new stars projector for my son because his just caught on fire tonight! when scrolling and seeing this i felt i needed to warn other parents.<br />this is the exact one we have. the battery life was decent but when the batteries died we decided to just buy the adaptor since he uses it every night.<br />first the white led blew after a few months of use. whatever. still had the colored light show.<br />then tonight i started to smell a weird hot electronics smell. as we were reading our story i notice the smell getting stronger and when i turned his overhead light on i noticed the smoke pouring out of it with black streaks up the side of it.<br />unplugged it and threw the stupid thing in the sink.
So here's the deal...any of the Nuk pacifiers which are plain colors...pink green white etc-dont buy!  They collect water inside and you will never squeeze it out or drain it out.  Some reviews Ive read on line say you can but trust me, water stays inside.  We have thrown out probaby about 8 of these.  I cant imagine that dirty old water and soap is good for my baby to suck on.  My baby LOVES the shape of these pacifiers so we were fortunate to discover that the ones with decorative print on the front (flowers etc)are made differently and dont collect water!  I wish I had taken the time to write to Nuk and send all of those faulty ones back.  I am surprised they are still selling these in the market.  There should be a major recall!
My baby likes his Avent paci just fine, but I bought this one to try it out since it is more natural nipple shaped than the Avent.  He takes it initially with no problem, but cannot seem to keep it in his mouth more than a few seconds.  I had to keep popping it back in.  I really did give it many tries, but the problem persists.  Another downside is aesthetics.  I find it ugly and kind of creepy looking.  The Avent paci is clear, small, well ventilated and is easy to attach to a keeper.  I couldn't figure out how to attach the Soothie to the kind of keeper I have.  Needless to say, I'm staying with the Avent.  Plus, the Avent comes with a cover to keep it clean. To each their own, however.  Baby will have to decide, not mom and dad!
i'm shocked other reviewers thought this was a great cup. they are so shoddily constructed that when mine arrived on one cup the thingy you flip to cover the straw had already popped off, despite being in pretty sturdy packaging. it was difficult to put back on. the flip-top is very difficult to flip back and forth - my 15mo couldn't do it, while he can easily open and close the playtex ones.    the worst part was that these cups leak. a lot. my son throws his cup off the highchair when i'm not looking. the playtex ones never leak. these leak most of the contents immediately from where the cap screws on to the bottom.    i just threw them out -- i'd rather count the $ spent on them wasted than be forever cleaning up milk off the floor.
despite all the raves on this product and how parents swear by it, my little one simply do not care for it. bought its twin the chan-pie-non that resembles a nipple somewhat (thinking that it would resemble more of mommy's nipple) and that too got the cold shoulder. tried it when he first started teething at 6 months, and tried many attempts to get him interested but no luck. now he is 18 months old and stills refuses to touch it. he chewed through 4 of the philips avent pacifiers and absolutely loves doing that. no idea why he prefers chewing on pacifiers than sophie. so i guess this product does not work for all babies and if yours do not take to it, it'll just end up being an expensive squeaky toy. doesn't even work well as a bath toy.
let me start by saying that i own several skip hop products. i've loved them all. so i was excited to use these as stocking stuffers for my 18 month old who is really getting into feeding himself. the chunky design is great for little hands! but the quality is atrocious! we handwash all the kiddo plates and utensils, and the paint came off in the first wash! i was certain it was a fluke with the dog set, so i opened the panda set. same thing! after reading other reviews, i see this is not isolated. i am terribly disappointed in skip hop, and expect better. i cannot recommend the purchase of these and am baffled by the higher star ratings shown here. i can see that many are from people who haven't actually used them yet, only ordered them.
i don't normally leave one star reviews, but wow, so completely horrible.<br /><br />do not buy if you have any small boys in your home who might use this toilet. the adult ring does not stay up when you stand at the toilet to go pee.<br /><br />for my husband, this is annoying but not unsurmountable. he holds the seat up while he does his business and then let's it drop.<br /><br />for my 4 year old, completely disgusting. his arms aren't long enough to hold the seat up without leaning against the rim, plus he's 4. do you know a 4 year old with great potty tidiness?<br /><br />i had hoped that this could be a solution to potty training my daughter that would work in a small bathroom with limited space, but it is an expensive piece of trash.
hi everyone, i just want to take a moment to say that this monitor is truly a piece of garbage. do not buy this monitor. i have three children and have owned a few monitors and this one is effectively useless. seriously, it's a $150+ paperweight. the signal does not stick and we have a very small house. i've tested it and even when i have it 10 feet away with no obstructions, the signal will still go in and out. summer should be ashamed of this product. parents have way too much going on and we do not want to waste our time and money on junk like this. if this review prevents even one person from buying this device, my time will have been well spent because i will have saved someone from experiencing the pain of owning this farce of a product.
this product doesn't work with ipad. the app you have to download is only configured for the m3. i've tried several times to get that working. a closer inspection of the m2's box revealed that it's only certified for iphones and ipod touches, despite having a picture of an ipad on the box. it also says &#34;watch your baby from anywhere.&#34; now that would seem to mean you can watch the monitor through the web out of your home. unfortunately the monitor/app system only works within your wifi network.<br /><br />all that being said, the monitor isn't horrible. but for $150 i really expected more. i would just buy a camera w/ microphone and speaker for less money. i really wish apple would fix the misleading packaging for an item they sell in-store.
when i ordered this product it stated it was for all city &#34;series&#34; strollers. it is not! it does not work on the city mini! there were also pictures of the city mini being used with this adapter, which were inaccurate. when i called the company to exchange it for the correct one i spoke to a very very rude lady who refused to help me in any way! after writing a letter of complaint to the head of the company i was allowed to return the product for a refund, but i was forced to pay $14 in shipping that i did not get back! the company refused to refund me the shipping cost! horrible customer service! no one there cares to help you with issues they cause! i am still out of pocket $14 and had to buy the product i needed elsewhere! very upsetting!
I am so disappointed with this product. I purchased 4 of these bibs and I couldn't understand why, when I put this on my 4 month old baby he screamed so bad. I assumed it was the resistance other reviews discussed, to the hard plastic bib rather than the soft one. Later that night my husband was bathing him and noticed a wound on the back of his neck. The next day I put the bib on again and and he started to scream. After further evaluation I noticed that the point where the bib connects, was cutting into his skin exactly where the wound was. I immediately stopped using the product. It has been 3 months since discontinuing the use of the product and my baby STILL had a scar on the back of his neck from this bib. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!
i hate and regret my snuza monitor. what a waste of money.  i bought it jan 2013, and it broke after 8 months. replacing it has been more trouble than then stupid thing is worth. it took two months for a replacement to arrive and they sent the wrong voltage unit! two months with a broken one, and then one that wont work in america. and they are making me pay to ship the faulty unit back. you have got to be effing kidding. run for the hills and get anything else but this. its too late for me to return it, but save yourself the terrible customer support and their attitude of \\our unit broke through no fault of your own, and i know it already cost 200... so how about you pay more to ship it back to fix our mistake.\\<br /><br />one star is too generous
I love the concept of this. I got one for my baby shower the green version. Well, unfortunately when I took it out of the package the pacifier thermometer didn't work. It would beep but it wouldn't take a temperature or show anything on the screen. Also, I do not recommend using the pacifier medicine dispenser on any child under 6 months maybe more than that.The reason being because the hole is very large and even though it contains the medicine when you suck it out basically all the medicine comes out so it's about as useful as using a spoon. It sucks I wasn't able to use the thermometer part I was looking forward to it being easier. However, I do not recommend this product. Why waste your money when you can get a regular thermometer for $3 or less.
I wanted to love these. I wanted my baby to love these. They are lovely to look at, they feel lovely (I love the material they're made of, they feel like extra soft rubber), I love that they're natural.<br />But my son hated them. More than any other pacifier and he really wasn't too picky about pacifiers. They have a tiny little nipple and I guess he just didn't like that. He would suck on them occasionally because he was a pretty easy going baby when it came to pacifiers but once he hit two months old he stopped willingly taking them. He just loved his soothie pacifiers.<br />He currently loves to play with them as a toy. He'll hold them and gnaw on the sides or even the back looped part! He still doesn't like sucking on the nipple part though! haha
Do not use these!  My daughter loved these from the time she was born until she was two and it RUINED her teeth and her bite. She has a cross bite now and the dentist says she is going to need a ton of orthodontics when she gets older. I thought it was no big deal at first and would just impact her baby teeth. WRONG.  A pacifier can change the way the teeth grow in and a child's bite---and adult teeth are going to come in the same way the baby teeth are.  If you use a pacifier, I highly recommend using one with a better shape that won't impact the teeth as much.  You can read descriptions of other pacifiers that will say things like &#34; promote healthy oral development by naturally fitting into your baby's palate&#34;.  Do your research--wish i did.
i bought this plate so that i could put messier food in front of my 10 month old that she could feed herself.  the plate arrived and was very cute, but even out of the box the suction ring was not attached well.  i hand washed both pieces and put it back together and it does not suction to anything.  i made sure that the ring was in the grooves on the plate as another reviewer mentioned, but still nothing.  i push the plate down and i can hear the air getting and voiding the suction.  so, if you are looking for a plate that will actually suction and stick, keep looking and let me know when you find it.  i will keep the plate because it is cute and she can use when she is older and will not try to pick it up.  but it is basically useless for the intended purpose.
after reading reviews and getting recommendations, i decided to go with the magic bumpers. however, they arrived poor packaged, extremely squished foam that looked like my husband could have cut it himself from a hardware store. the pieces didn't even match together and were a lot lower than we thought and wait, it gets worse...my daughter rolled out of bed after having them in for only 3 hours!!!!<br />my daughter isn't even a &#34;wild sleeper&#34; and we set them up with the most precautious settings, even closer than the recommended 3 inches from edge of mattress. we are just lucky that she barely scratched her chin and is not traumatized by the fall. i am returning them asap and buying big bedrails even if they are are pain to make the bed with. do not buy!!
i did about 8 hours of research to find a reusable diaper brand that i thought would be the most cost effective, efficient and environmentally friendly. that being said i eventually settled on best bottoms but i wanted to try this brand of shell because the pattern was so cute. upon receiving the item and comparing it to the [[asin:b005bekux2 new bestbottom best bottom one size cloth diapers]]best bottom shells i already own there was absolutely no comparison. same price for both but the best bottom shell is 1,000 times better in quality. not to mention that the best bottoms have the snaps on the inside of the shell so as to allow for more variation of insert to be used. wish this review could have been more positive but save yourself the hassle and buy best bottoms.
this seemed like such a great idea at first. since my underpants are constantly riddled with skidmarks, i figured i am the last person that should be teaching my toddler son how to wipe after a dump. the idea that i could play him youtube tutorials on how to wipe was just too good to be true...and indeed it was. my son was so busy trying to talk to me and interact with me, he wouldn't even watch the ipad. eventually i had to rig up a second ipad so that i could skype with him from the family room and he could watch me while watching the youtube &#34;wipe your bum&#34; videos, but even then he is only half paying attention.  seriously, i thought this was the answer to all my problems...but i was wrong.  i still have problems and now my son has poopy pants just like me.
i make lunch every weekday for both my son and myself.  i take this lunchbox to work, and i don't pack a light lunch.  i use reuseable containers so a lot of pyrex bowls are carried in this lunchbox, potentially filled with soup or other heavy contents.  unfortunately, the handle quickly became frayed where the rubber padded insert rubbed against the cloth.  i sewed it, but it frayed again, and eventually the handle became unuseable. although it looks like it should be durable, it isn't as durable as it should be for the price.  it'll probably be fine if you don't tend to carry heavy fruits, vegetables, and a heavy entree that might be high in water content and therefore have weight to it.  but if you want a durable lunchbox that will last, unfortunately, this isn't it.
Warning to all who are considering purchasing this quite attractive necklace.  IT IS NOT A TEETHING NECKLACE.  This necklace is not suitable for teething.  I received this item as a gift and here is the actual fine print on the product packaging: Reminder: We use small beads that present a choking hazard to small children.  We test our beads, but they are not suitable for teething or chewing.  Mommy Necklaces are intended for adult use and wear only.  So, as any mom with a teething baby knows, if it is around your neck, the baby is going to put this in their mouth.  Consider an actual teething necklace made with food-grade silicone beads (instead of these acrylic beads) instead.  Unless of course you just want a pretty necklace and aren't concerned about your child choking on the beads.
at first i realized that the replacement wasn't as big as the one that the sippy cup comes with, but that didn't seem like a problem till i used it.<br /><br />what a messssss. since the diameter is smaller and doesn't match the diameter of the lid, when your child is drinking it leaks from the boarders. i just doesn't attach well. i will upload some pictures later so i can better explain myself.<br /><br />anyway, every time my son used the sippy cup with the replacements he would get entirely wet from the leaks.<br /><br />i wanted to return them, but unfortunately i didn't have the time or the energy. a total waste of money!<br /><br />fyi, i think these sippy cups are great. but since my son chews them and start leaking, it is a shame that they sell a replacement that doesn't work as one.
I believe the 5 star reviews are fake.  This is an awful product.  It's very hard to open and shut and the best I can do it *sort of* get it on and twisted a little bit, which isn't totally locked and therefore I can't use the plastic cap for travel since it has to be fully locked for the lid to snap on properly  The opening to the mesh is too small for a 2 inch piece of banana.  And the reviews that said it was easy to clean?  Totally fake.  It's a nightmare to clean. Yes you can take the pieces apart but getting banana out of the mesh is most certainly not easy.  You have to hand pick each little bit out of the net.  I would send this back, but I only paid a few dollars and it's not worth my hassle.  I can't compare this to other mesh feeders, as this is my first.  Surely they can't get worse!
This was a very disappointing purchase. The swaddle material is WAY too flexible. It allowed my 10 lb 6 week old baby to maneuver his way out of it.  That should NOT happen with a baby this tiny and with such unintentional, immature movements. So, getting past that...the &#34;weights&#34; (sewn in bean bags like the little ones you toss) are awkwardly placed. I think if they would place Velcro on the inside and some velcro on a couple bean bags...it would work better. When you finally stretch out this material and get baby all wrapped up...you'll find the weights are in weirdo spots. It was a poor investment. On a positive note, I did buy a different wrap the Alden + Anais &#34;Easy Swaddle Blanket&#34;. Perfect Swaddle with a perfect fit. To sweeten the deal a little more...it's less expensive!
these cases are nice and pretty, but doesn't really work well.  the size of the case holds only 1 pacifier.  i'm not sure about other babies, but my son definitely needs more than 1 when we are on the go.  if it's design to hold only 1 pacifier, it is way too big.  if it's design to hold 2, it's way too small.<br /><br />the worse thing about it was that it's hard to open, which is extremely frustrated when you are out in the public, your baby's crying on the top his his lung, you know that the pacifier is just in the box, but you just can't get to it!!!!<br /><br />it's also hard to close.  you would've think just to snap it shut and that'll be the end of it?  no, i snap it close, heard to click, then the box open up again.  sometimes i had to do close it for 3 to 4 times before it stays close.
it's cute and my kids like it.  feels heavy and fairly durable once assembled.<br /><br />i rated it down so low due to the fact it came with no directions and broken.  not because of amazon or ups, but because the manufacturer packaging was awfully poor.  the parts are only protected my then plastic sheaves and tossed in a large box.  two of the plastic bumpers on the front and back where completely shattered and one of the wires that travel through the posts was severed.  also the foam blue and red padding has deep grooves in a bunch of places from parts resting poorly on them in the box.  there were no assembly instructions!!!  it's not the hardest thing to put together, but i'm an engineer, and tend to be capable at these types of things.<br /><br />pass on this purchase or only purchase in store.
what is shown in the pictures is sunny baby brand diapers. what i received is baby city brand. the baby city diapers are made of fabric of lower quality and sewn with less care. i am a professional seamstress who bought these to save time. i bought them on a black friday sale and thought i was getting a great deal on sunny baby diapers, but instead paid a low price for a low quality thing. because i did get what i paid for and i was in a pinch in need of diapers, i kept them. after posting this, i was refunded 50%. i have chosen to keep the one star rating, though, because i am still that dissatisfied with the product, although the seller has stood behind their guarantee. that will be reflected in my review of them. if the brands were different and the quality equal, i would have been a satisfied customer.
When our 1st kid was born we were given the Soothie vanilla scented pacifiers by the hospital and our daughter wouldn't take any other pacifier. So, with the twins on the way I decided to get more vanilla scented pacifiers, did some looking around and recognized that gumdrops were rated pretty highly, so I bought two 5 packs. As described in other reviews,  the material (one piece) and construction are flawless.     However, the scent only lasted for about a week.  This is the reason for the one star, don't see giving the product a higher rating if it only maintains its key attribute of scent for that short of a time.    I recommend purchasing the non-scented versions of the gumdrop brand.    (We still have a soothie from 4 years ago that still maintains its scent.) My next pacifier purchase.    Hope this helps.
We used the snap-n-go when they first came out...liked it then.  Now with our third child we rec'd the newer version.  We have an Eddie Bauer carrier.  The booklet that comes with it shows the carrier and gives instructions on placement.  The problem is that the Eddie Bauer carrier is only held in place by a strap - it DOES NOT LOCK INTO PLACE, like all of the other carriers would.  Now, it may seem that why not use just the strap - well, the strap is the SECOND saftey mechanism for the seat...and really should not be used as the only one b/c when you move the stroller the seat moves around....the latch is for a reason, and if you cannot securely latch the carrier - they should NEVER instruct you to be able to use it - just to make the $$.  We're returning it!  Sorry but our child's safety should be their concern...too!
i bought this product from a retail store and was so excited to use it bc my daughter loves bubbles. like everyone else said it doesn't work at all bc the bubbles pop before leaving the mouth. i was going to return it, but had tossed the box at xmas and didn't feel like going through any hassle at the store.  anyway, i was looking at the reviews on here about the tape and it works great if u tape half the hole. would i buy this product for anyone, absolutely not bc it's crap. but having already purchased it, i wanted it to work so that i didn't feel like i threw away $20. so don't buy this product, but if u already purchased it, it can be modified to work.<br /><br />update:  do not buy. product never worked how it should. the modifications were only temporary and eventually did not work anymore. it is now in the trash.
i was about to purchase this toy and wanted to know why so many reviews.  i could not believe what i was reading!  to the parents that took the time to warn parents about the choking hazard thank you so much.  to the parents that try to blame the care giver for not watching closely enough are you crazy.  pure and simple.  why take the chance?  i have had three children and babies can quietly choke while you take your eyes off of them for seconds.  is this teething toy that important to you or is it the if it didn't happen to me you must have done something wrong.  the legs are not only long but curved such a choking hazard i can't believe the<br />manufacturer hasn't recalled this dangerous teether.  if having sophie the giraffe is so important to you that even after you have had<br />this many warnings what can anybody say to you.
i use this as a wet bag. i love the print, thats why i bought it in the first place. its a medium size, will hold about 6 soiled diapers and 6-12 soiled inserts. perfect for on the go. i love the mesh zipper pouch in the front also so you can keep dry/clean inserts in the same bag. perfect for a large diaper bag!<br /><br />***upadte***<br />its been just a few weeks since i received and reviewed this product. i have now had a 180.<br />this bag has started to leak. the waterproof inner has begun tearing at the seams. small little slits all along the sides. i wash it probably once a week since i do rotate between two wet bags with my diapers, so really not that often. i thought that it was a great buy until this issue started. i would rather spend more for another kanga care bag :( sad, because i do love the print and the wet and dry pockets.
i searched everywhere for a car seat with a harness to accommodate my giant one year old.  he wears a 4t, but is only one so i needed a harness that would last a few years until he is old enough for a lap belt. this was one of the few i could find that didn't cost a fortune. the reviews on walmart.com were mostly positive, but i should have listened to the reviews here. after trying to tough it out and make it work for three weeks, i am forced to return it. the bottom button where the harness attaches is placed way to short on the seat. i have smashed my poor son into it, but after accidentally buckling a piece of his thigh because of the positioning (which can not be adjusted) i decided enough was enough. when i try to help by loosening the straps, it isnt safe because his torso isn't properly fitted. removing the extra cushioning didn't help either.
i would like to warn everyone about this company:  i ordered new hello kitty core front window fold up sunshade for $21.26 and this item has the hello kitty sitting down waving and the big hello kelly sign and the color of shade is pink , light pink.<br /><br />when i received the item it is red and it is totally different and it has hello kitty standing up,,,, obviously not the same item i ordered!<br /><br />i should have read the review before i ordered the item, this company is a con!!!!!<br />someone had similar problem and i should have read it!!!<br /><br />my mistake for not reading review!!<br /><br />if i can give a 0 star i would but it let me select 1 for i hate it!! star<br /><br />i do not want any problems so i decided to keep it, even though i received the wrong item!!!!!!<br /><br />bad seller!  warning before u purchase here  !!! warning!!!
our baby is 90-th percentile both in height and weight. at 9 months she barely reaches the floor when placed in this walker. only her toes are in contact with the floor.<br />in addition, i've tried to order the \\splash\\ but somehow ended with \\birdland\\ pattern. i am pretty certain what i had clicked, both are on the same web page. most likely this is a bug in the web application, but just thinking what burden it is to return it - talk to amazon support, repackage, bring to ups office, etc. i gave up and decided to use it. this was before i assembled it and found out how high it is, i will definitely return it now.<br /><br />we had a walker with our first two kids which was very nice and usable, unfortunately we gave it away to friends. i've read multiple reviews of multiple walkers and they all seem to indicate the same thing - walkers are *too high*.
if you pull the nipple all the way to the sides, out will come a collection of 'things' from hair to lint to dry milk...one day while cleaning one of the pacifiers I noticed a piece of hair stuck to the base of the nipple, when I pulled the nipple to the side, the hair still wouldn't come off, so I pulled it really hard and along with the hair came a string of lint...I did the same thing to the other 3 pacifiers and it was the same...since then I kept an eye on these nipples and noticed that even within a few hours of use, it still collected lint and other things...... I regularly would boil the pacifiers and wash around the base of the nipple, but this isn't enough for these pacifiers...I am sending these nipples back to the company for my $$ back...don't buy these unless you are willing to constantly keep washing them within a few hours throughout the day...
this crib was defective. it was assembled incorrectly by the manufacture. zero customer service support. finally on the second day of attempting to set this up, we figured out that one of the hinges was screwed in on the wrong side which is why we couldn't assemble it. this part was mounted by the manufacturer, it wasn't our error.<br /><br />we had to unscrew their mistake, drill holes on the other side where it should have been mounted, then we screwed the hinge there, and finally, it worked. assembly complete. but it was frustrating and time-consuming process. i should have sent it back, but needed it for a visit, and i was stubborn to figure out why we couldn't get the darn thing to work.<br /><br />at the price (we paid over $100), forget about this crib. i was kicking myself for buying an expensive crib thinking it would translate to quality. i was wrong.
if you pull the nipple all the way to the sides, out will come a collection of 'things' from hair to lint to dry milk...one day while cleaning one of the pacifiers I noticed a piece of hair stuck to the base of the nipple, when I pulled the nipple to the side, the hair still wouldn't come off, so I pulled it really hard and along with the hair came a string of lint...I did the same thing to the other 3 pacifiers and found them dirty as well...since then I kept an eye on these nipples and noticed that even within a few hours of use, it still collected lint and other things...... I regularly would boil the pacifiers and wash around the base of the nipple, but this isn't enough for these pacifiers...I am sending these nipples back to the company for my $$ back...don't buy these unless you are willing to constantly keep washing them within a few hours throughout the day...
i though this would be a good alternative as we were saving for an ergo or other ssc but i hate this carrier all the way around.<br />1) i'm a plus size mommy and the waist belt barely fit around me. it was very uncomfortable.<br />2) this product is not weight safety tested!!<br />3) the straps pinched my &#34;side-boob&#34; something awful. also nearly impossible to nurse in if you have boobs bigger than a b-cup.<br />4) treads were coming apart as soon as i took it out of the package<br />5) while, i realize this was a less than $20 carrier, it is really not worth it!!<br />6) i wanted to return it as soon as i realized it did not fit me...return shipping was nearly as much as i paid for the carrier to begin with!!<br /><br />save your money...if you really want an ergo, save for an ergo!! if you want something in the same price range, check out the infantion union or mei tai...
our 11 week old, 12 lb baby loves her graco lovin' hug easy entry open top/curve frame swing so we wanted to buy a take-along swing for when i go to the gym or take her to grandma's house. she takes naps and sleeps in her graco swing at night. we couldn't find a graco take-along so we bought this swing at target.  we're going to take it back because as soon as we put her in it she tipped all the way back until she was flat on her back and her bottom and legs were higher than her head!  i took her out immediately after trying several positions to see if she could sit more upright.  when that didn't work we checked to see if we'd put it together correctly; we couldn't see where we'd made a mistake and it was very easy to put together.  we never tried swinging her in it since it didn't look safe or comfortable.  we bought it last night and it's already back in the box waiting to be returned.
My 5 week old does not like any pacifiers, and he does not like these either. I think that the shape and feel of the plastic is too different from what he prefers most: the breast. He seems to have trouble forming suction in the way that you do while breast feeding. Like most traditional pacifiers, there is a ninety degree angle/ perpendicular junction between the hard plastic outside shell and inner soft plastic piece that goes in the mouth. This composition makes it difficult for him to latch on as it is so different from how one latches onto the breast. Anyway, I suspect that if your baby generally likes pacifiers, they will probably like these. But if they are choosy and/or exclusively breast fed, they may not like these. therefore, you may want to think twice if you're purchasing or registering for these for a baby that hasn't arrived yet, or until you have a better sense of their preferences.
these bags make it obvious why the lansinoh bags are so popular.<br /><br />cons:<br />- the medela bags are nearly impossible to get zip closed, and i can never seem to do it without getting milk on the top and air inside the bag.<br /><br />- they are also horrible for measurement. what looks like 5oz on the bag is actually around 4oz if you measure with a medela bottle. i'm not sure how to get the bag to stand up with milk in it and hit the 5oz mark correctly.<br /><br />- the idea of pumping directly into a bag is fantastic. but i exclusively pump and routinely get 4-5oz from one side, which makes pumping precarious because these bags are nearly full with that amount.<br /><br />- the medela bags do not freeze flat. they are thicker at one end, which makes these bags a space hog in my freezer.<br /><br />i'm only using these medela bags until my new box of lansinoh bags arrives in a couple of days.
this bear was so disappointing!! we have a bigger bear and love it. it's stood up awesome to 4 years of play with no issues at all. we had this new bear less than a month - and mostly ignored and unplayed with the entire time - and one of the paws has ripped where the satin part meets the \\fur\\ part of the bear! it is so incredibly cheaply made. life has been very crazy and busy and i didn't realize the \\return window\\ is a mere month long from when the bear is shipped. i can however, return the cheaply made piece of junk for a \\partial\\ refund, and pay for all the shipping. that would amount to about the cost of the bear in the first place. terrible return policy!!! i'll just sew the bear up and not purchase another.    don't waste your money on this bear. mine wasn't even washed yet, and it's already ripped apart. i can only imagine how well it would withstand a washing or two. so disappointing.
If I could return these I would, but it's been a while and it took us a little while to realize that among the dozen pacifiers floating around these were the culprits.  You'll notice right away that they are not clear translucent tips like all others.  Ok fine I thought, I'm not fussy about cosmetics.  Then I noticed that even though we were washing them, they got this kinda hazy crackled look that wasn't there before. Then finally we noticed that our son was actively rejecting these, they have the same tip shape as all the others, but somehow he knows they are wrong.  Now we've isolated the issue and these are roundly BAD.  BAD looking.  BAD according to baby.  Probably a manufacturer defect that they are trying to pawn off at a discount.<br /><br />Spend a little more and get these others from Amazon:<br />Nuk Pack of 4 Orthodontic Pacifier Bundle Pack, Boy, 0-6 Months<br /><br />Same brand, just better.
i bought this for our new graco element playard after reading many positive reviews on amazon.  in anticipation of our baby's arrival, i washed it so that we'd be all set.  (also, a pre-wash is recommended on the packaging).  but after following the manufacturer's washing instructions (cold wash, tumble dry low), the vinyl melted and gathered in one big spot on the back.  so now there are a bunch of holes, and the pad isn't going to stretch enough to even fit the mattress.  very disappointing.  what a waste of money!  also, as a side-note, when i tested the sizing on the pack 'n play mattress (before washing), it was too big.  i figured it'd be fine once i put a lot of effort into making sure to pull and smooth any extra material to the underside of the mattress.  and after i put a sheet over top to help hold everything in place.  (for reference, this is the playard we have: graco element pack 'n play playard with bassinet)
i got this as a \\gift\\ for our first baby. i was asked which monitor i wanted (not this one) and received this instead. not wanting to be rude, i accepted it graciously and didn't return it. mistake!!<br /><br />after 2 months, the video started to scramble.<br />after 4 months, the stand broke off.<br />after 6 months, it would decide randomly not to turn on.<br /><br />the battery is drained after about 3 hours of use with the screen off. the \\invisible\\ ir leds catch my daughter's attention making it impossible for her to go back to sleep. the two way audio is so scratchy and loud it scares the s*** out of her. the green power led is so bright on the camera it lights up the entire room. the picture is so fuzzy i sometimes can't tell if her eyes are open or not. i get an out of range warning in my 900 square foot apartment. sometimes, the picture blinks upside down for a moment.<br /><br />this thing is a piece of s***.
This product deserves zero stars.  Any liquid medicine flows quickly from the pacifier tip, causing baby to choke from the rapid influx of liquid.  The pacifier is also hard rubber (hard like an eraser or the sole of a shoe) that the baby can't even chew on like a normal pacifier.  We were terrified when my baby began to choke the instant we put it in her mouth.  We watched her for several scary minutes as she coughed and gasped for air.  I thought that we would have to take her to the emergency room, but thankfully, I am a RN and was able to whack her back and hold her in a downward position in order to help clear the liquid from her airway.  We immediately tossed this piece of junk where it belongs: in the garbage.  It's shameful that they call it Hospital Choice when no hospital in their right mind (or with the right malpractice insurance) would expose infants to such an inherent risk of aspirating medicine directly into their lungs!
i very rarely write negative reviews, but this product warrants it.  i was sadly disappointing with the american baby company percale set in primary.  when i received the set, i noticed loose threads and exposed folded over corners on the colored squares of the comforter.  i expected a much better quality product for the price.  also, the color is neither as described or as pictured.  what appears to be a mainly greyish blue comforter turned out to be more like a cheaply done fake denim material.  the blue stripes on the top sheet were pale blue which did not match the comforter blues or the fitted sheet, which was described as \\navy\\ and was actually royal blue.  i sent the set back (amazon took care of the shipping and refund with no problems) and am making a quilt for my son's new \\big boy\\ room.  if you are looking for a fake denim looking comforter with somewhat badly sewn on squares, this would be good, but otherwise, be a bit wary.
i wanted to love this stroller but 2 weeks in and it's falling apart. the wheels are screeching already and the locking bars for the sunshade have bent, making the shade unlock able.<br /><br />overall, this stroller is awkward. the giant covering for the buckle is so strange and my kid messes with it because it's irritating since it comes up to her chest. this means that the cheapy strap covers bump up against this and make for a lot of awkward fabric sitting on my child's belly. the sunshade is pathetic, too, and only works to block the sun if it's high noon. plan your outings accordingly! it's also supposed to carry a child of up to 50lbs and with my 28lbs two-year old, it's very hard to push already. there's no way i'd get a 50lbs kid in this thing!<br /><br />needless to say, this stroller is worth what you pay for it. the only redeeming quality is the reclining seat but the downsides aren't worth it :( this stroller is getting replaced pronto!
I thought this product would be great for my 14 month old when I saw another mom had it, so I went out and bougght 5 of them with high hopes.<br /><br />However, within 3 hours my son got injured in his lip when he fell with the Keep-It-Kleen pacifier and began to bleed rapidly with a pool of blood beside him.  It was very scary!!!  I almosty went to the emergency room, but managed to get the blleding to stop after ten minutes or so...<br /><br />Your child will likely fall down and some point while walking, etc. and if they have the pacifier in their mouth it may cause some extensive damage to the upper, lower lip internally or externally.<br /><br />I contacted the company and they were suppose to send me some information in the mail and to no avail have I received anything from them.<br /><br />Not impressed with the level of concern and curious how many other children will be injured and tramatized from this...<br /><br />Regards,<br />Concerned Mom
i gave this chair to my daughter at her baby shower.  it sat in the nursery at her home until 5 weeks ago when she delivered, so has not been used very often.  2 weeks ago her husband was sitting in it with the baby and the whole back snapped off!  luckily, he was able to hold onto the baby and neither were injured.  my husband took a look at the chair and found that the screws that came with it were entirely too short.  he replaced them with some longer ones and we thought the problem had been resolved.  this past weekend a girlfriend of my daughter's was gliding in chair with the baby and one of the arms came loose and part of the gliding mechanism came apart.  this chair should definitely be recalled!  i would like a full refund as well.  including shipping!  one last thing.....when the chair arrived back in april, it came in a box that looked like it had been pieced together.  very tacky!  please give this matter your immediate attention.  linda egley
we purchased this monitor for our first born 7-2008 and were very dissatisfied.  there is not a way to disable to movement sensor even by just unplugging it.  i was on the phone with graco for over 45 minutes and they could not figure it out either.     main issue with this monitoring is that an alarm sounds on both the receiver end and the baby's end whenever movement is not detected for over 20 seconds.  all i can figure is it alarms for baby to make her stir and start moving again.  in our case all it did is upset our newborn who we'd just spend 2 hours trying to get to sleep.    needless to say, without the ability to disable the movement sensor and alarm, this was of no use to us and we returned it for a more basic monitoring system.  parents should know this alarm is unnerving for both you (who might possibly be sleep-deprived) and for baby...    its a poor design when you don't have the option to turn off features such as the movement sensor.  lame.
facts: the smaller bristle end broke (wire attachment spun loose from the plastic) within the first day. larger rubber bristle end cam undone (rubber came out from under the plastic retaining lip) within two weeks. both were under normal usage. the smaller wire end is too large to fit in many of the orifices on several major brands of bottle, lids and nipples.<br /><br />review: not only did this item break in two different places on separate occasions, but the overall design (aside from being aesthetically pleasing) is very poorly engineered. the product engineers should have placed more emphasis on function than appearance. while it is \\cute\\, if it does not work, it is nothing more than another brightly colored piece of plastic and rubber, taking space on a counter top. i can honestly say that the dollar store brand is a much better purchase for the following reasons:<br /><br />1. it lasted longer<br />2. it actually worked<br />3. it was 1/5 the price
we got the chair about a year ago.on nov. 23rd  a day before thanks giving i was going to feed my 18 months old girl. i reclined the chair back and set her on it and pulled the chair forward as i always do. i then heard her scream like she never scream before! her fingers were stuck between the chair and the arm rest!!! i reclined the chair and pulled her out of it her fingers were blue and she wouldn't move them  and wouldn't stop crying!  i got her into the car to go to the hospital thinking i may have broken her fingers,half way to the hospital she stopped crying, i stopped the car and checked her fingers, they were red and  she did move them. i went back home and wrapped her hand with ice on and off for a few hours. finally the next day she was moving her fingers and the swelling went down. i reported the incident and i ma waiting to hear back from them. i would not recommend this chair! it has been packed and put in my garage until i can return it to manufacture.
This item was on my baby registry and a friend bought the 0-3 month SOOTHIE pacifier for me.  That's what my baby likes, so I decided to order another set.  I went back to the same page that was linked to from my registry and I again ordered the 0-3 month Soothie pacifier (Amazon even said on the page that this was a repeat order from my registry).  However, I was sent the 3+ months SUPER SOOTHIE.  I just went back to look at the page and it is definitely for the 0-3 month Soothie.  There must be something messed up with Amazon's ordering system because when I click on the link to read and write reviews, it then says 3+ months, but then when I click on the link to go back to the item page, it goes back to saying 0-3 months.  Make sure when you put this in your cart that you are ordering the correct product.  I am going to return these and then go buy the pacifiers I want from a brick and mortar store so that I know I'm getting what I want.  This was very disappointing.
do not purchase this monitor!!!! i purchased this monitor based on my trust for the motorola brand and from reading reviews and i seriously regret it. the first monitor stopped working after 5-6 months and motorola replaced it only for the second to stop working after 5 months. both times i had the same issue of the parent monitor is not charging. when i spoke to both the representative and the manager at motorola, they both basically told me it was too bad that it broke because once you get a replacement you only have a 90 day warranty. they only thing they could do is replace it for $80 and it will still only come with a 90 day warranty. i argued to no avail at least asking for a longer warranty of 90 days if i was to pay.  motorola should be ashame to continue to sell a monitor that is made to last no longer than 6 months. they should even be more embarrassed by their terrible customer service that believes it's okay to charger parents $200 (after taxes) for a piece of junk.
i ordered these pouches in september with high hopes of getting a lot of use out of them. we used them 2-3 times for applesauce type purees and found we had to put them inside a ziploc bag to prevent leakage into lunch bags. there was a tiny gap at the end of the zipper that allowed liquids to slowly leak out. i was disappointed to have to bag them, but figured it was still better than buying the disposable pouches. after a couple of months of not using them, i tried again today and had a lunchbox full of applesauce. my daughter pulled the pouch from it's protective ziploc, but did not finish it. at some point on its way back home, the zipper on the pouch pulled away from the pouch itself, releasing all the contents into the lunch bag. we have only used the pouches about 5-10 times. unfortunately, i am a month too late to be able to return them.<br /><br />i was also disappointed to find that the back of these pouches are almost completely covered with info and instructions, instead of the cute pattern.
we bought one of these about 5 years ago and it was great.  recently with the wear and tear of our second child and a glider too close to the gate we broke it, our bad.  we picked up a new one at a local store, a heavily taped box.  the design has changed quite a bit, much smaller and flimsier looking pieces.  after i opened the box i noticed two of the plastic hinges were broken off.  i returned it to the store and they shipped me another one since they were out of stock.  new one arrived saturday, another heavily taped and somewhat damaged box, and same thing, broken hinge.<br /><br />since i logged into amazon to try and find another suitable gate i read all the other comments on here about the same thing with the broken parts.<br /><br />i think they are just shipping the same two broken gates back and forth to everyone, this is terrible to have this many reviews stating that the gates are arriving broken!  i give up, i'm returning this broken one to the store and ordering a different gate on amazon.
i'm sitting in my hotel right now exhausted from carrying my infant i his sling all day because he refuses to get into this uppababy stroller. i purchased this stroller  specifically for this trip to canada. i wanted something lightweight to bring with us on the plane and this stroller won over the maclaren triumph only because it has a larger canopy. i don't know if umbrella strollers just don't have suspension or shock absorption but my 8 mo old refuses to get into this stroller and cries every time i strap him in. the wheels are smooth plastic that look and feel cheap.<br /><br />now, on day 4 of our trip, i am very weary of even going out and exploring the city since my only other option is to put him in the sling.<br /><br />the good features this stroller has are:<br />large canopy<br />mesh backing<br />lightweight<br />ease of folding and unfolding<br /><br />this worthless stroller pretty much put a damper on our trip. going forward, we'll be bringing our awesome stokke scoot even though it's inconvenient.
[good]<br /><br />n/a<br /><br />[bad]<br /><br />if you use baby formula, it's very difficult to put in formula inside the bottle since the mouth is so small. inevitably unless you use some sort of funnel, your formula will spill. my guess is that the mouth is a certain size for safety reason (i.e. so the glass is less prone to break).<br /><br />plastic: i wonder if the people at dr. brown wondered why people buy glass bottles instead of plastic ones? people do it because they want to avoid bpa, bps, and whatever other chemicals that can leech from plastic, especially when it's heated... so why does this bottle need a major plastic piece in the middle? it defeats the entire purpose of going glass.<br /><br />unlike other glass bottle designs, there's no silicon wrap that makes the bottle less slippery, makes it softer, and that cushions it from falls.<br /><br />glass is heavier than plastic.<br /><br />glass is more prone to breakage than plastic.<br /><br />[verdict]<br /><br />get another glass bottle from another company.
i am not a picky person when it comes to furniture, but this changing table is terrible.  we will be returning this product, if possible.<br /><br />what i hate the most about this changing table is the drawer - it is unusable because you can't open it more than two inches without it falling out of the tracks and getting stuck at some weird angle.  even when the drawer is closed there is about a half inch space between the drawer and the bottom of the changing surface, and you can see a big metal screw sticking out.  very classy.<br /><br />i know others have complained about the shelves, and they do look and feel flimsy but they seem to be holding up.<br /><br />i know you're sitting there reading these negative reviews and thinking \\but everyone else says it's so great; surely these negative reviews are just coming from negative people!\\  not true!  this is actually a terrible product, trust me.  go hit that back button and find another changing table to order from amazon.com.  i wish i had followed my instincts and done the same.
I have been using this since we brought our baby home.  For the first few weeks it was a useful item.  We would swaddle her in a kiddopotomous, and put her in here and she would sleep very well.  Around a month, she started getting wrestless about being swaddled so we used a baby blanket.  She started outgrowing this at about 5 weeks - we would find her with her head hanging off the top of the incline.  I adusted the side supports so it was a little more snug, and farther down so that her head wouldn't slide off.  Within a couple of days I woke up to find her under the blanket with her head between the two side supports.  This to me is more dangerous than allowing her to sleep on her tummy!  We were leary of potential suffocation!  Our baby is currently 7 weeks old, I feel this was a waste of money considering it was only useful for a month.  This product needed to be made about 6 inches longer, and the side supports needed to be made with a mesh fabric for breathability just in case the baby wiggles her way down.  Good idea, but needs improvement.
after reading many good reviews, we registered for and received this product while expecting our first child. after she was born, however, it became apparent that it was a waste of money. she slid down the hammock constantly so we had to hold her up and keep her from having her head submerged, meanwhile, the hammock kept most of her body out of the water so she was cold. perhaps some parents might be drawn to it because it will last them until their children are \\toddlers.\\ good luck keeping a toddler in this thing! perhaps if you have a shower only...but i think a bucket or deep try would work just as well and be a lot cheaper. after two or three baths i gave it away to a friend who was expecting and wanted to give it a try. we ended up using a towel on the bottom of the bathtub as a cushion until our daughter was old enough to sit up in the tub. when our second daughter was born we purchased a $6 infant bath sponge. it keeps her comfy, warm, and she loves it (and it dries a heck of a lot faster than the towel ever did). skip this item all together.
on the surface this looks like a good company, as they are carried by baby r us and other fine retailers. i actually received three baby trend items as gifts for my baby shower. i received the monkey around play yard, monkey bouncer, and the monkey high chair. the play yard and the bouncer were both missing pieces that i had to call the company and order. the pieces were mailed, but upon inspection, i was mailed the wrong pieces. i had to call again to get the right part.  a week later i had a friend over with their child and offered my baby trend feeding chair for use. i had put it together a month earlier to make sure there were no missing pieces this time. however, as i tried to undo the safety buckles, the release clamp was fused shut on one side, and the other took two people to pull apart. i would understand if one product from them was defective, but three back to back? it's really unacceptable from a company that charges money for products that don't work, are missing pieces. how hard is it to make a product of plastic pieces that fit together??!!
i bought this monitor because of the mostly positive reviews that i saw about it and the reasonable price.  i tried it out with the baby sleeping in his room and the monitor in the living room, and it seemed to work well.  so, i threw away all the packaging and was all set for the night my baby would first sleep in his crib.  as i said before, the product works nicely in my living room.  once i set foot into my bedroom it is a very different story.  even thought the monitor is in the \\voice activated\\ mode, all you get is static and snaps and pops from this thing every two seconds.  i have tried probably all the different combinations of settings and they all give you the feedback.  most nights, after many attempts, i can find just the right place in the room so the monitor stays quiet.  however, the place changes from night to night and sometimes even during the night!  all said, i wish that i had saved the packaging and would have been able to return this.  it would be well worth spending a little more money on a different monitor so that i could get more sleep.
so i'm an avid reader of the reviews for the products and i tend to take each one with a level of critical thinking. my wife had these bags when she got her breast pump so we decided to just buy the same ones instead of going with a different brand (even with the amount of reviews that say it leaks). well, she just did 5 bags and of the 5 bags, 3 of the bags leaked. i don't know about you but my wife takes breast milk very serious. she was very angry that the bags leaked and wasted her precious &#34;gold&#34;. of course i'm joking a little about her expression but when you have a crying baby that you need to feed and you are wasting your baby's food...it's not a joking matter. i don't know if we just got a bad batch but we had to rush and buy some from the store and so far the nuk brand is holding up after her using  7 bags. she doesn't have the convenience of attaching the bag to her pump with the attachment but the satisfaction of knowing the bags aren't going to leak is worth the extra step. good luck in your shopping! i'll update this if we have issues with the other brand.
The item I received is not the item I ordered.  The one pictured shows a separate syringe and separate medicine dispenser where the baby could suck as you push the medicine in OR you could just have the medicine part separate so they can just suck on it like a pacifier.  But I really wanted to be able to leave the syringe in so the medicine ONLY goes to the nipple and not the surrounding areas like other medicine dispsensers (I have the Munchkin one and meds get trapped around the rim.  The one I recieved is an all in one that I could buy at any Walmart, Target, etc.  I wanted the one pictured because it is separate and easier to dose small amounts.  The one I received is a white syringe with a clear pacifier nipple and the smallest dose amount you can dose out in it is 2.5mL.  I need one to be able to dose 1.25mL so this one is not even one I would order in the first place.  Also, the nipple part of this is HARD AS A ROCK.  No way an infant would find this appropriate to suck on and effectively get the medicine.<br /><br />SO disappointed.  I wanted the Mini Medicator pictured here and did NOT get that.
I bought this thing because of all of the reviews here AND because we were struggling with our son's pacifiers. He would drop every single one and the one he liked he kept in for only a few minutes.  Bottom line, we realized HE DIDN'T WANT IT. That's why he'd drop it.  We took it away at six weeks and that was the best thing we ever did. We all slept, he was happy, helped with the breast feeding and made our lives much easier.  This pacifier kept falling all over the place, he'd cry some more.  Then I'd try to give it when he was on his side and still fell off. No matter where my son was this wubbanub didn't stay. Furthermore, it was too small and he had a hard time sucking/keeping it in. AUGH how frustrating.  Someone said;OH noooo he needs to have his sucking needs met. Well, he found his hands and consequently his thumb. Not sure if that is great either but I think it is the natural way. Yes, it maybe challenging to weaning of off the thumb, but we thought the paci would be hard and it wasn't it. Who knows! Bottom line DO NOT WASTE your money on this pacifier it doesn't comes close to what they advertise.
this product must be totally hit or miss. it's too small for my condo's kitchen sink and too large for the bathroom sinks, which all seem to be standard sized. was hoping for an easy to store tub appropriate for city living, but this does not fit the bill. after just two uses with my one-month old, i went out and bought a real baby tub that she can grow with. because of the way this is product is designed, the water drains out the bottom while the baby is sitting in it. the magnets are too weak to sufficiently hold the product together, which causes the water to drain out. the puj basically allows you to give a sponge bath in a sink. the baby isn't sitting in any water after less than a minute. you have to keep refilling the puj from a basin or sponging off your baby with wash clothes dampened in another sink. that is unless you want to keep the water in the sink you are using running constantly, which isn't the safest in an apartment setting where you can't control the water temperature. definitely think twice about this product. it's not worth it if you have to immediately go out and buy another more traditional baby tub.
i purchased this changing/dresser combo unit to use as a changing table for my daughter, we do not have pets or older children to rough house on it, and it is not at all the first piece of pre-fab furniture i have put together. while changing my 3 month old the top suddenly collapsed, the particle board surrounding the cam actually cracked and gave way. the matching dresser similarly constantly loses its drawer front when opened due to the cams not locking in place. when i called customer service, obviously upset, they were very unconcerned and offered to replace the top piece if i provided files of the images of the damage in x size etc. while the piece  was still under warranty i was not looking for a replacement, least of all one that was a hassle to obtain, but wanted someone to understand the danger it had posed my child and to look into the way in which it is manufactured as there is an obvious flaw. i spent close to $500 on the crib, dresser, and changing table only to throw them all out (and return the crib as it had multiple broken pieces on arrival) only months after purchasing... i will never buy a storkcraft item again.
i was excited to get this monitor because of all the great reviews it has. i am highly disappointed with this after using it for 6 months.  i will be one room away from the nursery and the &#34;out of signal coverage&#34; error will come on and everytime that happens, the unit makes a loud beep noise. not just any beep, a very loud one.  when you have a sleeping baby, you don't really want something beeping loud every ten seconds and almost waking him up.  i'm sure it's saying out of signal coverage because of the interference with our wi-fi, but we shouldn't have to worry about that.  if i'm laying in bed and playing on my phone, it makes the loud beep noise because my phone will be using wifi and the monitor doesn't like any other object in your house to be using wifi. we will try to watch a movie on netflix or amazon fire, but once again it just sits there and beeps bc of the wifi interference.  so then i end up having to turn off the monitor because i don't want to sit there listening to it beep loudly every ten seconds while watching a movie.  do not recommend this monitor, which sucks because the picture quality really is goos.
my wife and i purchased 2 of these exact carseats from our local babies 'r us store last friday, 2/13/15 and installed them into both of our vehicles for our son.  we like the style, the features, and most importantly - our son liked it too because it was comfortable for him and his long legs.  the seat works perfectly when not installed or just installed into the vehicle.<br /><br />however, as soon as our son sat on the seat we couldn't tighten it at all.  in either vehicle too.  this is not a fluke - it is a design flaw: as soon as your child sits on the seat the weight of the child compresses the bottom portion of the seat and causes the straps below to prevent it from being tightened.  our son is a lightweight too - he's only 24 pounds at 3 years old.<br /><br />we called graco customer service and they told us that because the seat straps cannot be tightened it is unsafe and should be returned to bru.  we spent our hard-earned money (over $400 with tax) on 2 of these seats when neither of them worked, and we spent extra time and gas to return the items.<br /><br />summary: do not purchase this product - it is unsafe when installed.
I found this dispenser at a local store and bought it since it was the only medicine dispenser designed for infants that wasn't sold in a baby kit.  I needed it because my son (who is only 2 months old) is on multiple liquid medicines daily (and multiple times a day at that) for a few medical conditions.  He was gagging on the meds when given through a syringe and I decided he needed a better way to take the meds.  I wish I had never spent the money on this product.      Safety 1st made a horrible mistake with this product.  First off, it is nearly impossible to open this dispenser to get the medicine into it.  Even my husband had difficulty trying to separate the medicine holder section from the pacifier nipple section.  Second, the medicine started leaking out from the rim as soon as we inverted the product.  Third, the nipple section of this is a very hard plastic material that is also very large.  It is nothing like any pacifier I have ever seen a child use.      I would not recommend this product at all.  I would, however, recommend the [[ASIN:B002RJKH4G Safety 1st Hospital's Choice Bottle Medicine Dispenser]] as it does the job perfectly!
i bought babyplus about over 6 years ago<br /><br />i have both 2 year old and 5 year old. here is the story i like to share too.<br /><br />i used when i was pregnant with my 5 year old son following the instructions . he is a very smart and sweet boy but he has been diagnosed as sensory integration order and behaved as add.<br />we have been struggled with 3 years now. though things got so much improved , he still has spd issue and is very sensitive to sounds. he has development delay in term of maturity.<br />from 3 times visit in last few years all we know he is not a typical kid no matter how smart he is . as parents, we need invest much time and energy for the treatments.  for now, each time he goes to concert, he has to wear a headset to reduce the sound.<br /><br />while for my 2 years old, i didn't use that much as i always forgot. i used after 24 weeks probably 3 times a week .  she is pretty normal so far compared to her brother.  interesting , she never shows any problem to sound and she has much better attention span.<br /><br />i don't know what is the cause of two kids but i definitely not suggest to use the device during pregnancy .
my 8 month old son was able to pull this off of his crib.  i didn't see it happen...the first time.  i thought maybe i had put it on the crib wrong and put it back up...no, i had not put it on wrong!!! it was terrible to see him on the monitor pull this down on his forehead and fall backwards into his crib.  luckily this only resulted in a small bruise.  i read reviews after the fact and am horrified to see that this has happened to other babies and that the manufacturer had been informed of this and had not recalled this item, continuing to put further babies at risk!!!!<br /><br />prior to this incident, it was still not my favorite device.  it is large and lunky.  the lights beam down into my babies lights like a ufo and was by no means relaxing so we used the sound only option (which sort of defeats the purpose of having a crib soother in the first place).  the battery warning light only comes on when they are completely dead. oh, and this burns through batteries very quickly.  we had to buy a battery charger and rechargeable batteries because we were burning through them in less than 2 weeks.<br /><br />i much prefer fisher price's shooting stars glow soother, which i bought as a safe replacement to this.
This is my first review ever!  The hospital gave me this pacifier when my son was born...he loved it!  18 months later he went to the dentist because he had developed a significant overbite!?!  The dentist new exactly what pacifier he was using and I couldn't believe it!  I said &#34;No way!  The hospital gave it to me... it has to be good!&#34;  He said no they give them to you because they get them for free!  I was so mad!  No one in my family has a problem with any kind of overbite so I knew it had to be from this pacifier.  I have three boys all under the age of 6 and he is the only one that used a pacifier and he is the only one that has an overbite!!!!  My dentist told me to switch to MAM it is the only pacifier that will not affect the baby's teeth!  So i switched him over.  It took about a week or so but he finally took to it!  How I switched him over....he only gets his pacifier at nap and bedtime.  So as a treat I gave him the new MAM during the day.  He didn't love it right away but anything was better than nothing :) I always put both the old and new one in the bed with him.  Then finally about a week later I took away the old one and gave him only the MAM at nap and bed and he did<br /> fine! I hope this helps....
i got the woombie to replace a miracle blanket, which my 3-month-old daughter is growing out of (and which comes only in newborn - 3 month size).  i was so hoping it'll work, but it didn't.  it just got my baby frustrated - she could move her arms, got her hands close to her mouth, but couldn't get them into her mouth (besides, i think her arms got stuck in this position, and she couldn't move them down).  the miracle blanket uses two levels of restraint - first the arms get pinned down alongside the body, then the baby is wrapped all around.  no moving arms there.  my daughter loves this blanket, frequently falls asleep on her own (some times after 5 min of fussing, sometimes right away) if wakes she up while i put her down, and always falls back asleep if she wakes up in the middle of the night or a nap.  with the woombie, she started whimpering when i put her down and the whimpers quickly turned into crying, as she was trying to get her arms somewhere, where they wanted to go.  this swaddling blanket is supposed to mimic the womb.  well, maybe if you start using it on a newborn and then graduate to the larger side it would work.  but by 3 months, perhaps, the womb experience is too remote for the baby to need to replicate it.
pros: has a straw so that kids can drink while sitting up, even if they haven't mastered tipping the cup waaaaay back to let gravity do its thing.<br /><br />cons: *takes a deep breath* here we go...<br />leaks - these things leak. that's the one thing they're supposed to prevent, and they fail. they leak out the straw. they leak out the seal. they just leak.<br />liquid squirts - they don't have a air pressure relief hole, so as the contents of the cup warm up to room temp, expanding air pressure forces liquid back through the straw and out onto your coffee table. if you're unlucky enough to have closed the straw lid before the cup warmed up and then you flip the straw back into ready position, you get a nice 2-3 foot jet of whatever was in the cup. awesome science lesson (boyle's law)!<br />straw length - too short. lots of liquid remains in the bottom. if that's milk, then you throw away lots of sour milk remnants. it also insures that rather than drinking the cup dry, your child will have plenty of liquid to drizzle around the house, see above.<br /><br />i would really love these if they worked, but sadly they don't. i'm about to throw away two because i spend a huge part of my day mopping up milk dots from all over the house.
i was so excited to find a pail specifically for cloth diapers that i eagerly awaited it's arrival and as soon as i opened the box my heart sunk i was so disappointed and wanted to return it. the bin is so small and i felt not at all worth the price. however, after realizing the $12 shipping cost to me would come out of my pocket, as well as the cost to send it back, it felt like i was stuck between a rock and a hard place-either pay $25 to return a $38 bucket or just keep it, so it's now sitting in it's box in a corner of the nursery.<br /><br />i looked for cloth diaper pails everythwere (online, that is) and couldn't find another that was larger and sepcifically for cloth diapers. i would recommend someone get a simple plastic bin and stick the air fresheners/filters onto the inside of the lid, it would save significant $$ and i wish i had thought to do that instead.<br /><br />currently, i have a nice big one from the gal who owns the diaper service we use (i didn't realize she was providing a pail when we ordered this one) i asked where she got it and how much it costs. found out it comes from canada and she can get one for about $40. i'm not sure of the brand or how she orders them but if i find out i'll add it to this review
Honestly, the manufacturer says that this sterilizes pacifiers, but I have a very hard time believing them.  Now, I've not done any scientific tests, but this thing is very cheap looking/feeling plastic, takes a few AAA batteries and when you press it down (sometimes) a very ordinary light comes on and then switches off after awhile. Again, it may work, but if I had to bet whether it did or didn't, I would whole heartedly bet on that it didn't. The manufacturers might do well to either make the light brighter or make the thing hum or vibrate so it looks like it is doing something, but no - a normal light comes on and then it goes off and miraculously the pacifier that just fell on the floor is supposed to be sterile? I don't know.<br /><br />I do know that if it has snot on it or small pieces of dust or dirt, they don't fall off. They don't look different after going into this gadget, so I would save myself the money and buy some wipes that will at least get the junk off of a pacifier that falls on the ground or your kid has been sucking on forever, because at least it cleans it off.  It is up to you to decide whether to believe this cheap feeling imported machine actually sterilizes, but if you're a skeptic like me, save your money.
i wanted an affordable shopping cart cover and this one looked great, plus had good reviews at the time on the babies r us website. well, it is not padded at all, is a royal pain to set up, especially while holding a baby, and does not fit larger carts, such as at target. continuing in its frustrating qualities, i do not find it easy to fold up into itself or unfold. the toy loops are way too far down, making it tricky for my son to access the toys and keep the nasty cart handle covered. you see, if i want him to be able to reach the toys on the loops okay, i have to fold it toward him. when i put him in the full harness covering his shoulders, it forces him to slouch down at an uncomfortable, and probably unsafe angle, so i just use the buckle around his waist.<br /><br />this is a purchase i really regret. i would suggest looking for a cover that is padded and fits on the cart with elastic. i'm curious if other shopping cart covers all have to be buckled around the back of the seat area too in order for the cover's safety belt to work well, or if an elastic fit would keep it secure enough. yes, i do like the pattern, but the quality of the fabric is borderline cheap, and overall it's an annoying mess. i've been using it for several months now and never learned to like it!
I purchased the WubbaNub Giraffe for my 3 month old as a possible solution to his pacifier falling out as he鈥檚 falling asleep and him rooting around to find it and waking himself up. I saw the negative reviews and had concerns but all the positive reviews swayed me and I took a leap of faith to purchase.<br /><br />Well it arrived in super-fast time thanks to Amazon Prime, however the Giraffe and pacifier are so poor quality I鈥檓 returning immediately.<br /><br />The packaging arrived intact, though it looked a cheaply printed, I鈥檝e never seen these in stores but would love to compare packaging to check if this is authentic. The pacifier part is a joke. It鈥檚 tiny and not the standard AVENT soothie given to you at the hospital or that you can buy in stores. My main concern was that without opening the packaging, I could see that the giraffe body had holes in it and the stuffing was coming out. The stitching along the spine of the giraffe was very shoddy and loose and would fall apart within days, if not sooner.<br /><br />This item is potentially a serious choking hazard and SHOULD NOT be sold for babies or children. Amazon needs to stop selling these or at least verify quality/supplier. Maybe a few year's ago this was a good quality item but based on recent reviews on Amazon something has changed.
we loved, loved, loved this glider.  my daughter fell asleep in it immediately, then lost interest, then went right back to it.  i wanted one for myself.  it's been great.  unfortunately, after having it less than 3 months, the wiring for the music stopped working.  we tried batteries, ac plug, etc., but it's the wiring. (once the music came on randomly with lots of static, and then shut off again).  i called graco.  getting hold of anyone is a challenge because their hours are limited and then they were closed additional hours for staff training.  seriously?  this is a big company.  anywho, just reached someone.  they will send me a new motor - oops, it's out of stock and will take 4-6 weeks to get in.  ok, i say, can't you send me a new one?  yes, we can send you a prepaid fed ex envelope.  that will take 7-10 business days to get to me.  then, i box up the swing and use the label (fed ex ground) to send it back.  then, they will fed ex ground a new one to me.  let's be very generous and say this will take 24 days.  in a baby's life this is a long time.  these things have a limited life to them, so not having it for 24-42 days is ridiculous for a $120 or whatever item.  super disappointed in graco and certainly will make a difference when i am weighing the purchase of a graco item over another item.
we purchased our diaper champ in 2009 due to the many great reviews however we've had several issues that have caused us to stop using it.  i've heard there is a newer model however the older one is still available as well.   the biggest issue, and one i'm surprised i haven't seen any comments on is that if a kitchen garbage bag is filled or even 3/4 full it is essentially impossible to remove it without tearing the bag open.  the top of the diaper champ is significantly smaller than the bottom so as diapers are deposited they spread out in the bottom and as you pull the bag out it has to compress to be extracted.  there are several plastic edges for the bag to catch on and almost always do.  the only solution we've found is to only fill the bags 1/4 of the way allowing room to compress the diapers and remove them.  it's a horrible waste of bags.  we've also tried using plastic grocery bags since they are much smaller.  it works but they don't reach the bottom of the container and sometimes fall.  they also require emptying every day.  if someone has a better way please comment.  it really doesn't do a great job of covering smells either.  it seems to contain infant smells adequately but for 6 month old's or older it's completely inadequate.  we too just throw them in the garbage for our 18 month old.
Extremely dissapointed with this product.  I purchased in Sept 2014 but did not begin using it until my baby arrived home on Oct 20th 2014.  Overnight it finally $h*t itself completely.  The monitor no longer connects with the camera, nothing I do works, it's fried.  So that is the end of the slow and painful death of my Levana Keera - it took just four months, and definitely not worth the $160ish bucks I handed over for it.<br /><br />At the beginning (before any issues began). I thought it was an average product, I did like the camera pan feature, but that's about it,  picture quality during the day was ok, the more light the better, but not helpful if your baby needs the room for sleeping.  Night vision was very blurry, I could never make out if my babies eyes were open or closed.<br />The wireless connectivity between camera and monitor has always been patchy, cutting in and out, often the sound would not transmit, it would either cut in and out or go completely out until I would realize and have to manually reconnect or par the two.  Also the monitor would constantly default back to the menu screen, so I would glance at the monitor only to see a bunch of icons, not reliable whatsoever.<br /><br />I wasted my money, and now I need to spend more doe on a new baby monitor, hopefully my next purchase serves me better.
we ordered this booster and delivery was flawless, as usual with amazon. however, upon opening the product, i already felt the poor construction. i put both halves together, and could move it several inches front to back while \\locked\\. the manual stated that \\a little play was normal\\, and i could have lived with that. i couldn't get it to snap into the second position. that again i could have lived with. the major flaw, however, was that the headrest adjustment does not stay up. any movement will bring it down. video reviews only show people moving it up and down with one hand. when my daughter got in the car seat, down went the head rest. readjusted, and when she got out, same thing happened. not only is it inconvenient, it is just unsafe. if the headrest was down or went down in an accident, it could really injure the neck of the child (my daughter is 6, 52 inches with a long torso. when the headrest comes down it really hits her shoulder/neck area). what a shame, as we had a wonderful car seat ([[asin:b004ebux80 safety 1st complete air 65 protect convertible car seat, silver leaf]]) that actually protected our son during a major crash. the van was t-boned, flipped and dragged, our son didn't cry even once. the air feature really works, but it makes no sense to put a good feature on a terrible product. it is going back to amazon this week.
my wife purchased 2 of these gates to be used at both the top and bottom of our stairs.  when i began to assemble things it was clear to me why it had been reviewed poorly by others for the instructions.<br /><br />first of all, the instructions are not at all clear and just plain incorrect when it comes to screw hardware placement. in addition to the blatant error in directions, the manufacturer has two sets of screws paired with threaded inserts which are already screwed together.  one would expect the bolts and threaded inserts are paired with one another in the same groupings as they will be used in the gate assembly, but that's not the case per the instructions.  mind you there is little difference in the bolt sizes so keeping it straight was more tedious than necessary, it can't be more than $0.001 in cost to commonize the screws.  i can afford that convenience.<br /><br />in addition to the pain the rear stuff that can be resolved with a little reasoning one of the two units we ordered came missing component &#34;j&#34;, an upper hinge part.  the manufacturer was however kind enough to give me two component &#34;k&#34; pieces which is the upper handle section of the unit that can't be configured in any way to attach the gate to the stairs.<br /><br />now i have to contact the manufacturer and i hope the reviews about poor customer service are only a fluke....
I splurged on this item for my daughter two years ago, but she used it maybe 6 or 8 times, as she never took a pacifier.  I love Haba products in general and have always found them to be of really high quality.  My son is now 9 mos old and we've used this pacifier tether maybe 3 or 4 dozen times.  I have never seen him chewing on the beads or string, just the soothie teething pacifier attached to the end of it.  The other day, while it was attached to his onesie and he was tugging on it, the string gave way, sending beads flying all over the room.  He of course put some in his mouth immediately.  It looks like a knot hidden within the beadwork came undone, but I'm not sure.  I am grateful I was there and he was not hurt.  I notified Haba and the CPSC of the potential choking hazard.  Haba responded quickly and professionally by email and phone, including a request that the pieces be sent to them for further investigation.  The CPSC called me in response to my online report and told me that because of prior complaints, they have an ongoing investigation into these pacifier chains, and they are sending someone out to interview me and take photos of the pieces before they are sent back to the manufacturer.  It is a really nice wooden alternative to some of the other paci tethers out there, but until they figure out whatever the problem is, and if it can be fixed, I can not recommend it to anyone.
okay, so we ordered this a good month before our due date and thought that was plenty of time.  this came in about 5 business days after we ordered it and it came in damaged as it weighs 97 lbs. every corner was beat to hell.  called amazon customer service and they said okay, no problem, we'll ship you out a replacement, bad news is it can't be expedited, so we waited 5 more business days, get the second one in, not damaged at all.  sounds good right?! well, as i was piecing this beast together i quickly realized that they sent 2 left sides, not one right and one left!!  called customer service again and they said okay, we'll send you out the correct piece, but guess what.... yea, it's not going to be expedited!  the company south shore is in canada so their &#34;fast&#34; shipping is 5 business days, even on a piece that they screwed up on.<br /><br />it seems like a good product from what i have put together so far but order this thing like 3 months ahead of time to save yourself the trouble of possible damaged parts and pony express shipping.  and they can't give you any updates on the shipping or status until the other department &#34;moves&#34; on the order, can't even tell if they have the part in stock, i'd like to bet that they have 2 right sides in stock!  hey-yo!  look, i know we can change our baby anywhere but we were looking forward to putting all the blankets and what not away in the drawers and cubes...
this may be the worst baby monitor out there.  i initially received this one as a audience member at a talk show.  i thought score!  except when i go to plug it in, it never turns on.  it takes me a good 45minutes to figure out their website and how to contact someone to help me with the issue (every link would give me an error and not go through).  once i did reach someone - they were very good about emailing me and calling me, and agreed to send me a new one (under warranty), once i send them my monitor back.  so there i am鈥?monitor-less for a good month.<br /><br />i get the second one. it plugs in. it turns on.  except it keeps going out of service.  and it can't decide between nighttime or day time vision.  (and the nighttime isn't that great on this monitor - it's not very detailed鈥t's almost fuzzy.)  and then the entire unit just goes fuzzy and broken up.  so there i go again - contacting levana - and they send me a new one (a month later), once i send the unit back first (and that they receive it)<br /><br />i finally receive the third monitor.  and it works ok for 5 months or so. never perfect, but good enough.  one day it starts fuzzing again and blacking out.  this time, i have levana send me a unit before i send mine back.<br /><br />i received the new levana - and this one keeps going in and out of service - and this monitor is always in the same spot!<br /><br /> i finally gave up and purchased the motorola one.
this product appeared to be a kit to make a nice, hard plaster ornament or keepsake, but the end result is actually a bendable, cheap-looking mold. that is, if you're successful in completing the project.<br />the good news is it works for capturing the precious handprint or footprint of your little one while he/she is still so little. and the kit came with enough putty for me to make a mold of my daughter's newborn handprint and footprint and even a footprint mold for our yorkie.<br />unfortunately, the kit as a whole is pathetic. the strip of plastic to be used as a \\cookie cutter\\ for the putty is very difficult to get into a decent circle or oval, and the putty is so sticky that if you get a good shape, you probably can't keep it. in addition, the little wooden roller used to flatten the surface of the putty only sticks to it and pulls it up from the work surface. i ended up using an empty plastic pill bottle which worked much much better. as if that's not enough, the instructions start off talking about using a hand for the impression, but by the end of it, they're talking about a foot!<br />still easy enough to follow... but if you're going to sell a product, you should at the very least proofread the instructions, and maybe practice it yourself once, just to see if it works with the tools provided. in my experience, it didn't.<br />as huge as the baby product industry is, there's got to be a better product out there than this.
This is the first review that I've had to put in all caps. If I could prevent another parent from saving their hard earned money then I'm going to try doing so. I'm a mom of a now 4 month old and saving money is my business. Yes I got this for free and it's a good thing I did because it would have been back in the mail to Amazon within a week which is all of what it lasted while I had it.<br /><br />Yes it's a great idea but unfortunately they didn't make a great product. Does it actually sterilize your baby's pacifier? I'm not entirely sure that it really does.<br /><br />It's pretty simple to use. You do need 2 AAA batteries that are not included. You put your baby's pacifier in the compartment, close the lid and the UV light comes on. It turns off after about 3 minutes and it claims that the pacifier is clean. I'd stick with inserting this in your Avent steam or electric sterilizer or boiling it in a pan of water. I must also say that its kind of bulky so if you have a very small baby bag this might not be what you want to take with you. Instead get some of those baby pacifier wipes. I have a [[ASIN:B001DKHPD6 Ju Ju Be Be All Diaper Bag, Lotus Lullaby]] and it took up quite a bit of space.<br /><br />I'm also really getting very skeptical about those 5 star vine reviews. Did any of them really use the product for more than one day? I'd go with the AMAZON VERIFIED PURCHASED reviews. None of them gave it 5 and barely any 4. Goes to show you exactly what kind of product this really is.
there are many reasons why we enjoyed this product in the short term, and one *very* important reason why we don't in the long-term.  the negative, which is a big safety issue, needs to come first:  the feet of the wubbanub are weighted with bean-bag beans.  our (still quite young) baby loves to chew on all parts of the animal, not just the paci, and the seams are *not* tightly sewn: two feet have opened up.  as another poster noted, the beans are contained within a mesh compartment inside the animal feet, but get through the plush and you're right up next to that.  i've sewed up one of the frayed feet, but there is little fabric at the seam to allow safe or easy repair.  particularly now that our baby has the beginnings of two teeth (which, i might add, came after the seams sprang, not before), i am reluctant to leave the wubbanub alone with her in her swing or car seat lest she gnaw into the beans by mistake, which could be disastrous.  we're going to have to retire this toy.  the obvious safety issues at stake here make any follow-up comments superfluous--it's non-negotiable in my book.  but i will allow that this is disappointing because our baby loved her wubbanub, and spent a lot of time learning to manipulate it.  it was her very first toy in terms of something she interacted with, and i think it actually helped her development in a number of ways.  she'd probably like to keep it around for a while, but i just can't do it on these terms.  i hope a redesign might come up with some other way of weighting the feet.
honestly, this is the worst i've used so far.  i got this due to running out of bags and there was a sale in store.  i always wanted to try pump and save because it has the adapters so that i can pump directly without washing bottles.  but that, along with the fact that the bags stand on itself are probably the only pros of it. now onto the cons:    - leaked on the first bag! the zipper closure did not seal well  - the zipper was hard to open, be very careful or the bag can break (on my 3rd bag)  - when it reads 5oz it was less than 5oz, but when you fill 5oz and close, it will spill over  - the edge of the bag is very sharp and hard, so wear something thick to not scratch yourself  - besides the edges, the other area of the bag feels flimsy and not durable (wrinkle easily)  - storing less than 5oz in a pumping bag isn't very feasible, many moms build up enough supplies for freezer stash after a few months, meaning babies drink more than 5oz easily!  - hard to write on the labeling area    i get why the bags are so low in ratings!  now if you still want the pros of medela bag, i'd suggest this:  - direct pump: other brands like honeysuckle sells pump bags, or pump adapters separately.  or you can make your own by cutting a small hole for the adapters to fit in.  - bags that are self-standing: get nuk, only 1 leak out of 50 (and for that one i did not zipped it properly), or honeysuckle regular (3 leaks out of 100), honeysuckle pump bags (feels weaker than regular but still only 3 leaks out of 100), or lansinoh (5 leaks out of 100)
my brother bought this for us when we had our first baby a year and a half ago.  in the beginning it would say no signal all the time and we had to resort to all kinds of ridiculous tricks to try to get it to work, turning it on and off, moving the camera around, etc.  after a while, it started working better after it had some time to \\warm up\\ or something.  then it started to work consistently until we took it on a trip and then it started to give us the no signal again for no apparent reason.  after that we bought a cheap sound only monitor for trips so that we could leave this one in place and hope that it would continue to work.  it works the majority of the time but continues to give us the no signal screen momentarily every once in a while.  we then got a second camera for our second baby.  it worked great the first month but now it starts giving us the no signal after about 15 minutes.  i have to keep turning the video on (the screen goes dark automatically when it's not on it's base, presumably to save the battery) to make sure i'm still getting a signal.  it's so stressful!  my brother also bought one for our sister and she is going to return hers because it not only gives them issues with the signal but also seems to be interfering with their wireless signal as well.  it's so great when it works, the picture is very clear, the sound is good, it's user friendly, and i love how you can control the camera.  the scanning feature is great and syncing is very easy.  it's just unfortunate that it's so very unreliable.  this product has caused us no end of frustration!
Have had this sound machine since my son was born 2.5 years ago. About a year ago it started acting wiggy... it wouldn't turn off with the button (have to unplug the power source from the back to turn it off) and sometimes the other buttons don't work either. I love that it has a built-in nightlight, but that has also been acting strangely - it doesn't always turn off (again, I have to unplug the power cord from the back to shut it off).<br /><br />As far as music selection goes, it's good but not great. It doesn't have that many songs on each set so it loops over and over (which, I would personally find annoying so I don't put my son through it). And there's no way (that I found) to go back or forward with the songs. My son likes one particular song and doesn't understand when I tell him we have to wait for it ... or that we can't hear it again right away.<br /><br />The nature sounds are not that great - I was hoping for a nice, calming ocean sound but there doesn't seem to be one on here. The only one that I heard was the one with the whales (which sounds too scary for a baby's room, especially when they are alone in the dark). I usually just leave it on the white noise sound.<br /><br />The sound/speakers are just okay - kind of has that hollow sound to it - so I really haven't bothered using the iPod with it.<br /><br />I think the idea is good, but the quality is not. Was tetering on whether to give it one stars or two and decided one based on quality and sound. Do yourself a favor and get a regular sound machine, Homedics makes a decent one that you can dock/play an iPod with.
purchased 4 of these thinking they would be perfect for our toddler who was recently weaned off her bottle.  the first thing that drew me to them was the straw.  our daughter is still learning the concept of tipping her head back to get her milk/water/juice, so those kinds of cups were out.  the second thing i liked about it twist 'n click straw cup was that it had boldly written on the packaging \\leak-proof guarantee\\.  the last thing that drew me to them was their adorable design.  something fun and girly for my little.<br /><br />the truth is that this cup leaks. a lot. my daughter has now found it more facinating to shake the cup upside down and watch the drips of milk come falling down onto our dog or even better, the leather seats in our suv.  fantastic when you combine milk and 70+ degree weather.  the other major issue with this cup is that it over flows on its own.  i will fill up the cup to the inside line (assuming it is playtex's way of indicating a \\fill line\\), then twist the cup until it meet the \\lock zone\\ indicated on the cup coordinating with the little arrow on the lid.  then set it down on the counter, table, high chair, etc.  come back in a minute and you've got a puddle of liquid with bubbles come up out from the straw.  great, another mess to clean up that not even my mobile toddler had anything to do with.<br /><br />bottom line: don't buy this product.  90% of the time i check amazon reviews before i purchase things because it is more than helpful in making good purchases. wish i had looked on amazon before purchasing these cups.  it is now a great bath toy.
this is a very expensive disappointment. i'm a bit shocked reading other reviews also, is my 4/5 month old the only one that is super board and not finding this toy amusing whatsoever? the first time i plopped her in she was around 3 months, the good thing is it has a high back so it supported her nicely. the sad thing is, the toys are all kind of unreachable (she can barely touch the floor in this, however i did give her a little boost with a book to see if it would help) but the toys just plain stink. the elephant doesn't even face her, and to turn it requires more force than she has (it's hard for me). the music is annoying and there is basically 1 tune it plays. there is a little tiger that is supposed to &#34;pop&#34; up when you push the button, well he barely moves out...slightly does the tip of his head raise up. i want to know who designed this and if they still have a job, it's pathetic and obviously designed by someone who doesn't have a child. the only thing my baby liked was to look at the lion and she laughed a couple times but was over it pretty fast. there are a few wheel type things to spin, one just has colors on it, and the baby can't reach and she doesn't even care to look at it when i spin it. the butterfly attachment is shown in the picture standing straight up and it is not like that at all- it's this limp thing that unless she's holding it just lays on the bottom. blah, waste of money, i try to get her to sit in it, but she just slumps there looking miserable and i take her out after maybe 10 minutes. i hardly believe this many people rated it so highly...makes me wonder how true these reviews are.
this carrier is one of the worst on the market, but has somehow gotten hyped as the \\must-have\\ baby item. i even had one for a while - until i learned better. no infant should have his weight supported by his crotch - proper carriers place the legs in a frog-like position, hugging you tummy-to-tummy. infants require adequate head/neck support as well as the ability to tune out overstimulation - the bjorn leaves baby hanging both literally and figuratively when in the (again overhyped) forward-facing position. as if that weren't enough, the distribution and shape of the bjorn straps are a recipe for killer shoulder and back pain. a good carrier will let you carry on normal daily activities while babywearing - without back pain. i was so dissatisfied with my bjorn after just a few weeks that i tossed it rather than inflict it on an unsuspecting garage saler.    if you want a buckling, soft-structured carrier, go with a safe, comfortable choice like the kindercarry, beco, or ergo. these carriers will allow you to carry your baby with ease through toddlerhood. i'm no athlete, but i can easily hike 30 minutes with my 32lb toddler on my back in a kindercarry.    for newborns, i highly recommend the sleepywrap/boba wrap or moby wrap. while it takes a little practice initially, the comfort for both of you is amazing in a stretchy wrap. i wasn't as big a fan of the moby - the boba is more stretchy and comfy to me - but i think many folks could go either way between them. the stretch wraps are generally most comfortable to around 20lbs.    the boba website has some excellent information on babywearing and positioning here: [...]
this is illegal to use in the usa.  it has not been tested by nhtsa.  http://carseatblog.com/18106/yiren-trouble-a-review-of-an-illegal-chinese-car-seat/    borrowing from another reviewer (lizmari):  it is not legal or safe to use this car seat in a moving vehicle in the united states. federal motor vehicle safety standard no. 213 governs performance/safety standards for child car seats.    as part of fmvss 213, manufacturers are required to have permanent, visible labels on the restraint with the following information: certification that it conforms to standards for use in motor vehicles, basic instructions for correct installation, child weight limits (including maximum weight for use of lower latch attachments), name and address of manufacturer/distributor, and date made. none of these labels is visible in the required locations on this car seat.    fmvss 213 also requires child restraints to have latch attachments, which are certainly not integrated into this seat.    fmvss 213 also includes crash test standards that are required of all child car seats sold in the united states - these are required to insure that your child is as safe as possible in a motor vehicle accident.    a nice, easy-to-read summary of fmvss 213 can be found at carseat.org/legal/91_213sum.pdf    a full review of a seat similar to this can be found at:carseatblog.com/18106/yiren-trouble-a-review-of-an-illegal-chinese-car-seat/    the bottom line is that using this in a moving vehicle puts your child at serious risk for injury and even death in the event of an accident. if you are looking for recommendations for a car seat for your little one, you should get in touch with a local certified child passenger safety technician; you can locate a cpst in your area through the safe kids website at cert.safekids.org.
i was swayed by the joovy caboose's sleek looks and narrow profile but now have serious buyer's remorse.  unfortuately the only positive to come from this purchase was the knowledge of what i need in a double stroller - all features absent on this model.      first of all, and most importantly, neither the 3 yr old nor the 15 mo old are comfortable riding in this and there is no possible way either could fall asleep in this stroller.  even the front seat, the more \\comfortable\\ of the two, does not recline worth a darn (which makes sense as the back \\seat\\ passenger would be folded in half were one to try).  i knew this going into it, however did not apppreciate the importance of having two seats that can accomodate sleepy travellers.       the back \\seat\\ slides around constantly.  there must be a way to keep this still but i've tried every configuration of the 2 snaps that are presumably there to to this and nothing has worked.  i spend 80% of my time re-adjusting big sister's seat.        the back passenger's feet will end up getting twisted underneath the stroller at some point.  i have a child in the 10th percentile for height and weight and even she cannot avoid this happening.    for being un \\ultralight\\ this feels remarkably heavy and awkward.  you will end up making a spectacle of yourself trying to navigate this stroller in tight spaces (ie the pediatrician's waiting room).  prepare to be humiliated.          the footrest of the front seat routinely gets stuck in the upright position.  now that little sister is not so little this is a big pain.       i have had to stifle many an f-bomb during the process of folding and unfolding this stroller.  fortunately we have a vehicle large enough to haul it whole if (when) i just can't make it collapse.  this happens more often than it should.  i barely take it out anymore because it's just not worth the trouble.     all in all, this \\bargain\\ of a double stroller cost me plenty since i now have to replace it withsomething more appropriate for our needs.  it looks great in our basement, though.  that sage green really livens up the otherwise dreary decor.